"ABC-Dragon Buster" + "XYZ-Dragon Cannon" Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing cards you control with the above original names, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. During either player's turn: You can banish this card, then target 1 each of your banished "ABC-Dragon Buster", and "XYZ-Dragon Cannon"; Special Summon them.
"A-Assault Core" + "B-Buster Drake" + "C-Crush Wyvern" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control and/or from your Graveyard. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; banish it. During your opponent's turn: You can Tribute this card, then target 3 of your banished LIGHT Machine-Type Union monsters with different names; Special Summon them (this is a Quick Effect).
"Baby Dragon" + "Alligator's Sword" This card can attack your opponent directly if the only face-up monsters they control are EARTH, WATER, or FIRE.
"Amazoness Queen" + 1 "Amazoness" monster  Other "Amazoness" cards you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If your "Amazoness" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this face-up Fusion Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can Special Summon 1 "Amazoness Queen" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
"Amazoness Tiger" + 1 "Amazoness" monster  Once per battle, if this card attacks, during damage calculation: You can make this card gain 500 ATK during that damage calculation only. If your "Amazoness" monster attacked an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 800 ATK. Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack "Amazoness" monsters you control, except this one.
"Rescueroid" + "Ambulanceroid" This monster cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. Once per turn, when a monster on your side of the field is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon that monster in Defense Position.
"Ground Attacker Bugroth" + "Defender of the Sea"
"Dark Magician" + 1 Dragon-Type monster Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials or with "The Eye of Timaeus", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target any number of Spell Cards in any Graveyard(s) (min.1); banish those targets, and if you do, this card gains 100 ATK for each card banished by this effect. If this card is destroyed: You can target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
2 "Ancient Gear" monsters  Unaffected by other cards' effects. During your Main Phase: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Howitzer" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
3 "Ancient Gear" monsters  If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card was Fusion Summoned using 2 or more "Ancient Gear Golem" and/or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" as material, it can attack up to that many times during each Battle Phase. If this face-up Fusion Summoned card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
"Fairy Dragon" + "Amazon of the Seas" + "Zone Eater"
"Queen's Knight" + "Jack's Knight" + "King's Knight" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets this face-up card on the field: You can discard the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); negate the effect.
1 Level 6 "Archfiend" Normal Monster + 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster You can only Special Summon "Archfiend Black Skull Dragon(s)" once per turn. If this card battles, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. If damage calculation is performed involving this Fusion Summoned card, at the end of the Battle Phase: You can target 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK in the Graveyard, then shuffle it into the Deck.
"Summoned Skull" + 1 DARK monster  This card's name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. All "Summoned Skull" you control gain 500 ATK. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
"VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon" + "Armed Dragon LV7"  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) during a Duel you Special Summoned both the above cards, by banishing the above cards from your field and/or GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects with the same name as any banished card. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 card from your Deck or Extra Deck, face-up; banish all cards your opponent controls and in their GY.
"Uria, Lord of Searing Flames" + "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder" + "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by battle. This card gains 10,000 ATK during your turn only.
"Summoned Skull" + "Red-Eyes B. Dragon"    (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
5 Machine-Type "roid" monsters This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. This card cannot attack your opponent directly. After damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent's monster: Negate the effects of that monster (including in the Graveyard). If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
"Frenzied Panda" + "Ryu-Kishin"
1 DARK Dragon-Type monster + 1 Beast-Type monster Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card destroys a monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the Beast-Type Fusion Material used for this card's Summon.
"Crass Clown" + "Dream Clown"
1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card on the field. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
1 "Melodious Maestra" monster + 1 "Melodious" monster Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. If this card battles a Special Summoned monster, after damage calculation: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between the original ATK of that opponent's monster and this card, and if you do, destroy that opponent's monster.
1 "Melodious Maestra" monster + 1 or more "Melodious" monsters This card gains 300 ATK for each Fusion Material used for its Fusion Summon. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this Fusion Summoned card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon"  Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls, or up to 3 instead if this card was Fusion Summoned using a monster whose original name is "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" as material; destroy them. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by sending the above monsters you control to the Graveyard (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle. This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. At the end of the Damage Step, when this card attacks an opponent's monster, but the opponent's monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent's monster.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon"
2 DARK Dragon monsters  (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 DARK Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only use each effect of "Borreload Furious Dragon" once per turn.
"Two-Headed King Rex" + "Crawling Dragon #2"
1 "Pendulum Dragon" monster + 1 Warrior-Type monster  When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can change the ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls to 0, also for the rest of this turn, other monsters you control cannot attack. Negate the activated effects of monsters with 0 ATK. At the end of the Damage Step, when this card attacks an opponent's monster, but the opponent's monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent's monster.
2 Beast-Warrior monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control to the GY, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Swan" once per turn.
1 "Buster Blader" + 1 Dragon-Type monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot attack directly. This card gains 1000 ATK and DEF for each Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls or is in their Graveyard. Change all Dragon-Type monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position, also Dragon-Type monsters in your opponent's possession cannot activate their effects. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
4 "Ancient Gear" monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Unaffected by Spell/Trap effects. Your opponent's monsters cannot activate their effects during the Battle Phase. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
"Monster Egg" + "Hinotama Soul"
"Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" + "Berfomet" (This card is always treated as a "Phantom Beast" card.) When this card is destroyed: You can target 1 "Berfomet" or 1 "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
"Cyber Dragon" + 1+ Machine monsters  Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards from either field to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) The original ATK of this card becomes 1000 x the number of Fusion Materials used for its Special Summon.
1 "Cyber Dragon" monster + 1+ monsters in the Extra Monster Zone  Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards from either field to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) The original ATK of this card becomes 1200 x the number of Fusion Materials used for its Special Summon.
"Cyber Dragon" + 1+ Machine monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Fusion Summoned: Send all other cards you control to the GY. The original ATK/DEF of this card each become equal to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon x 800. Each turn, this card can attack your opponent's monsters a number of times equal to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon.
2+ "Cyber Dragon" monsters  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target Spells/Traps on the field, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon; destroy them. Once per turn: You can send up to 2 LIGHT Machine monsters from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, for each monster sent to the GY, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
2 "Masked HERO" monsters (This card is always treated as an "Elemental HERO" card.) Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While face-up on the field, this card is also LIGHT-Attribute. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; negate that target's effects until the end of this turn.
3 x "Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord" Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted, or destroyed by, your opponent's card effects. When this card declares an attack: Halve your opponent's LP. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. If you take effect damage: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the damage you took.
"Faith Bird" + "Skull Red Bird"
"Etoile Cyber" + "Blade Skater" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. While your opponent controls only 1 monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. While your opponent controls only 2 monsters, double this card's ATK. While your opponent controls only 3 monsters, negate the effects of your opponent's Spell, Trap, and Effect Monsters.
"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon"  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.
1 "Cyber Dragon" monster + 2 Machine monsters  If you have a Machine Fusion Monster in your GY, your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by your opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Cyber Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can banish this card from your GY; this turn, your opponent cannot target Fusion Monsters you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
"Cyber Ogre" + "Cyber Ogre" A Fusion Summon of this monster can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. When this card attacks, it gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the attack target, during damage calculation only.
"Blast Juggler" + "Two-Headed King Rex"
"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon"  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
"Cyberdark Horn" + "Cyberdark Edge" + "Cyberdark Keel"  This monster cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. When this monster is Special Summoned, select 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard and equip it to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the equipped card's ATK. This card gains 100 ATK for each Monster Card in your Graveyard. If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead.
5 "Cyberdark" Effect Monsters  Must first be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: You can equip 1 Dragon or Machine monster from your GY to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
"Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters  When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY, equal to the total Link Rating of the materials used for this card's Fusion Summon, and if you do, until the end of the next turn, other monsters you control cannot attack, also this card gains 1000 ATK for each card sent to the GY by this effect. While you control a Link Monster(s), your opponent's monsters cannot target other monsters you control for attacks, also your opponent cannot target other monsters you control with card effects. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 Spell from your Deck to your hand.
"Des Frog" + "Des Frog" + "Des Frog" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. This card gains 500 ATK for each "Treeborn Frog" in your Graveyard.
1 "D/D/D" monster + 1 "D/D" monster If a "D/D" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can destroy all cards in the Spell & Trap Zones.
1 Level 5 or higher "D/D" monster + 1 "D/D" monster  If another "D/D" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Flame High King Genghis" once per turn. Once per your turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or its effect, is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation.
2 "D/D" monsters If another "D/D" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field, while you control this face-up card (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Flame King Genghis" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 "Dark Contract" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
2 "D/D" monsters Any effect that would inflict damage to you makes you gain that much LP, instead.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, before damage calculation, if your "D/D/D" Fusion Monster battles an opponent's monster: You can make that opponent's monster lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  2 "D/D/D" monsters  You can target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon" once per turn. Before damage calculation, if an opponent's monster battles: You can make its ATK become equal to its original ATK until the end of the Damage Step. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
2 "D/D/D" monsters Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving this card: You can target 1 other "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, equip 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to this card, except the battling monster. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect.
1 "Edge Imp" monster + 2 "Fluffal" monsters  Gains 300 ATK for each Fairy and Fiend monster in your GY during your turn only. When this Fusion Summoned card destroys a monster by battle: You can send "Frightfur", "Fluffal", and/or "Edge Imp" monsters from your Deck to the GY, equal to the destroyed monster's Level. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Frightfur" monster from your Extra Deck; negate that effect.
3 "Burning Abyss" monsters with different names Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can send 1 "Burning Abyss" card from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 1 card. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You can send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.
"Possessed Dark Soul" + "Frontier Wiseman" A Fusion Summon of this monster can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. When a Normal Spell Card is activated, negate the effect by paying 1000 Life Points. The effect of an Effect Monster that this monster destroys as a result of battle is negated.
"Dark Blade" + "Pitch-Dark Dragon" Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can select up to 3 Monster Cards from your opponent's Graveyard and remove them from play.
"Dark Magician" + 1 Warrior monster  Gains 100 ATK for each Spell/Trap on the field and in the GYs. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. When a card or effect is activated that targets a card(s) on the field (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
"Dark Magician" + "Flame Swordsman" You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Mirage Knight" from your hand or Deck.
"Dark Magician Girl" + 1 Dragon-Type monster Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials or with "The Eye of Timaeus", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy that target.
"Dark Magician" + 1 Dragon monster  This card's name becomes "Dark Magician" while on the field or in the GY. Your opponent cannot target Spells/Traps you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
"Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl" + 1 Spellcaster monster  Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can draw 1 card, and if you drew a Spell/Trap, you can Set it, and if it is a Quick-Play Spell or Trap, it can be activated this turn. If this card is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your hand, Deck, and/or GY.
"Dark Magician" + "Buster Blader" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. This card gains 500 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster on the field or in either player's Graveyard.
"Firegrass" + "Petit Dragon"
"Bottom Dweller" + "Tongyo"
"Destiny HERO - Plasma" + "Destiny HERO - Dogma" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, and if it was face-up, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK it had on the field. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Destiny HERO" card from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
1 "Destiny HERO" monster + 1 DARK Effect Monster  (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; send 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand or Deck to the GY, and if you do, "Destiny HERO" monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each "Destiny HERO" monster in your GY until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Dangerous" once per turn.
3 "Destiny HERO" monsters  During your Main Phase: You can look at the top 5 cards of your Deck or your opponent's Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can draw 1 card. If this Fusion Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 3 Level 9 or lower "Destiny HERO" monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Destiny HERO - Dominance" once per turn.
1 "Destiny HERO" Fusion Monster + 1 "Destiny HERO" monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster on the field; make it unable to be destroyed by battle or card effects, and if you do, neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving that monster (these effects last until the end of this turn.)
2 "Destiny HERO" monsters If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster in your Graveyard; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that target's ATK. During either player's turn, if this card's current ATK is different from its original ATK (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, this card's ATK becomes equal to this card's original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Destiny HERO - Dystopia" once per turn.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Ring of Destruction". Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. Then, if it was a Monster Card, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
1 "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster + 1 Pendulum Monster Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by Tributing the above cards. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Pendulum Monster Cards in your Monster Zones and Pendulum Zones cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster from your hand or Graveyard, but it cannot be used as a Fusion Material.
1 "Dinowrestler" Link Monster + 1 "Dinowrestler" monster  If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Your opponent's monsters cannot target other monsters for attacks. If this card destroys a monster by battle: It gains 500 ATK. If this card is destroyed by a card effect: Destroy all your opponent's Attack Position monsters.
2 Cyberse monsters  Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster; Spell/Trap Cards, and their effects, cannot be activated during the Battle Phase of this turn. If this Fusion Summoned card is sent to your GY: You can target 1 "Cynet Fusion" and 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except this card; add them to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Diplexer Chimera" once per turn.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Crush Card Virus", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Check your opponent's hand, all monsters they control, and all cards they draw until the end of their 3rd turn after this effect's activation, and destroy all those monsters with 1500 or more ATK.
1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Warrior-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster in the Graveyard; banish that target, and if you do, until the End Phase, this card's name become that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. While this card is in Attack Position, your opponent takes any effect damage you would have taken from their card effects, instead.
"Black Luster Soldier" + "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster you control, except this card.
2 Zombie-Type monsters  Must first be Fusion Summoned. Monsters cannot be destroyed by battle with this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled a monster that has an original Level: That monster's ATK becomes 0, also, if that monster is still face-up on the field, Special Summon 1 "Dark Soul Token" (Zombie-Type/DARK/Level ?/ATK ?/DEF 0). (When Summoned, its Level and ATK become equal to the original Level and ATK of that monster.) You can only control 1 "Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon".
"Armaill" + "One-Eyed Shield Dragon"
1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Dragon monster  Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can target 1 other "Dragonmaid" monster you control; Special Summon in Defense Position 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY whose Level is 1 higher or lower than that monster. If another face-up Dragon monster(s) you control returns to your hand: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
"Dark Magician" + "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" or 1 Dragon Effect Monster  Neither player can target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects. During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You can use this effect a number of times per turn, up to the number of Normal Monsters used as Fusion Material for this card's Summon. Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, and if you do that, this card gains 1000 ATK.
1 Cyberse monster + 1 Link Monster  After this card is Fusion Summoned, you take no damage for the rest of this turn. If this card attacks a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, this card gains ATK equal to its original ATK during the Damage Step only. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except "Earth Golem @Ignister"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Earth Golem @Ignister" once per turn.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 WATER monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Neither player can Special Summon monsters from the hand or Graveyard with Spell/Trap effects. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
2 "Shaddoll" monsters with different Attributes  Must first be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by battle. You can only use each of the following effects of "El Shaddoll Apkalone" once per turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; negate its effects.  ● If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck or GY to your hand, then discard 1 card.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 LIGHT monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Special Summoned monster: Destroy that monster. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 FIRE monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. During either player's turn, when your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) while you have a "Shaddoll" card in your hand: You can negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster, then send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "El Shaddoll Grysta" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 EARTH monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. During either player's turn, when a Special Summoned monster activates its effect while you have a "Shaddoll" card in your hand: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster, then send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "El Shaddoll Shekhinaga" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 WIND monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. During either player's turn: You can target 1 monster you control; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle with an opponent's Special Summoned monster. You can only use this effect of "El Shaddoll Wendigo" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 DARK monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by an opponent's card effects. Each player can only Special Summon monster(s) once per turn while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster  Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only Special Summon "Elder Entity N'tss(s)" once per turn.
1 Synchro or Xyz Monster + 1 Synchro or Xyz Monster When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, also banish it when this card leaves the field.
1 "HERO" monster + 1 WATER monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up WATER monster on the field, except "Elemental HERO Absolute Zero". When this card leaves the field: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
"Elemental Hero Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by returning the above cards you control to the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) While your Life Points are lower than your opponent's, this card gains ATK equal to the difference. This card returns to the Extra Deck during the End Phase.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; destroy 1 random card in your opponent's hand. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + 1 Level 4 or lower Effect Monster  Must be Fusion Summoned. Gains 100 ATK for each "HERO" or "Neo-Spacian" monster in your GY. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can add 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card "Elemental HERO Neos" in its text from your Deck to your hand.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther" + "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization.") During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck, then Set all face-up monsters on the field. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can toss a coin 3 times. ● 3 Heads: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls. ● 2 Heads: For the rest of the turn, the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls are negated. ● 1 Head: Return all monsters you control to the hand.
3 "Elemental HERO" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack: You can make this card's ATK become double its current ATK until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. When this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 Level 8 or lower "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + 3 "Neo-Spacian" monsters with different Attributes  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects on the field. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Return this card to the Extra Deck, and if you do, destroy all cards your opponent controls.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card is not already targeting a monster with its effect: You can target 1 face-up Effect Monster on the field; while you control this face-up card, that target's effect on the field is negated. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Necroshade" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Must be Fusion Summoned using any 5 "Neos", "Neo Space", "Neo-Spacian", or "HERO" monsters, including at least 1 "Neos" or "Neo Space" monster, 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster, and 1 "HERO" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Neos", "Neo Space", "Neo-Spacian", or "HERO" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 500 ATK, and until the End Phase it also gains the banished monster's effects.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While face-up on the field, this card is also WIND, WATER, FIRE, and EARTH-Attribute. When this card is Fusion Summoned: Shuffle all banished cards into the Deck(s). This card gains 300 ATK for each monster your opponent controls that shares an Attribute with this card.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 DARK monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 100 ATK for each "Elemental HERO" monster in your Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) This card gains 400 ATK for each Spell/Trap Card on the field. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 EARTH monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Fusion Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, its ATK is halved and this card gains the same amount of ATK.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy that target, then apply the effect based on its type. ● Monster: This card cannot attack this turn. ● Spell: This card can attack your opponent directly this turn. ● Trap: Change this card to Defense Position.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
2 "HERO" Normal Monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. Gains ATK/DEF equal to the combined original Levels of the materials used for its Fusion Summon x 300. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but it cannot attack monsters with an equal or lower Level.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 WIND monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Fusion Summoned: Halve the ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls.
"Elemental HERO Heat" + "Elemental HERO Lady Heat" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card battles a WATER monster, this card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" + "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) This card gains 400 ATK for each card on the field. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. When this card is shuffled into the Extra Deck this way: Return all cards on the field to the hand.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can destroy 1 random card in your opponent's hand.
"Elemental HERO Bubbleman" + "Elemental HERO Avian" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While you have any face-down card(s) in your Spell & Trap Card Zones, this card can attack your opponent directly.
"Elemental HERO Bubbleman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" + "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther"  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Draw cards equal to the number of cards your opponent controls, then negate the effects of 1 face-up card on the field until the end of this turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck, and if you do, banish all cards on the field face-down.
"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Necroshade" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then Special Summon 1 monster from your opponent's Graveyard to their side of the field.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Yubel"  Must be Fusion Summoned. Before damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that opponent's monster's ATK. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can Special Summon 1 "Neos Wiseman" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only use this effect of "Elemental HERO Neos Kluger" once per turn.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + 1 Warrior-Type monster This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. This card gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the Warrior-Type Fusion Material Monster used to Fusion Summon this card, other than "Elemental HERO Neos". This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent takes no Battle Damage.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 FIRE monster  Must be Fusion Summoned. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Draw 1 card.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by battle.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Bladedge" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. You can discard 1 card to target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
"Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix"  Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position, but only if your opponent controls no monsters, and if it does, this card's ATK is halved during damage calculation only.
"Elemental HERO Flame Wingman" + "Elemental HERO Sparkman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Elemental HERO" card in your Graveyard. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Phoenix Enforcer" + "Elemental HERO Sparkman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Elemental HERO" card in your Graveyard. This card cannot be destroyed by battle.
"Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Gain Life Points equal to the ATK of that destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" + "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. When this card is shuffled into the Extra Deck this way: Shuffle all cards on the field into the Deck.
2 "HERO" monsters with different Attributes  Must be Fusion Summoned. All monsters you control gain ATK equal to the number of different Attributes you control x 200. You can only use each of the following effects of "Elemental HERO Sunriser" once per turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Miracle Fusion" from your Deck to your hand.  ● When an attack is declared involving your other "HERO" monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can send 1 other card you control to the Graveyard to target 1 monster you control; while this card is face-up on the field, that monster cannot be destroyed by battle.
"Elemental HERO Ocean" + "Elemental HERO Woodsman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can Tribute 1 face-up "Elemental HERO" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster's ATK, until the End Phase.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 LIGHT monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target up to 2 of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters; add those targets to your hand.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card to target 1 face-up monster on the field with original ATK less than the ATK of this card; destroy that target.
"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Avian" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can discard 1 card to target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Bladedge" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack every monster your opponent controls (one attack on each monster per Battle Phase).
"Queen's Double" + "Hibikime"
1 Fiend-Type monster + 1 Rock-Type monster Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. The original ATK of this card is equal to the combined original ATK of the Fusion Material Monsters used to Fusion Summon it. When this card declares an attack: You can change all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position. (Flip Effects are not activated at this time.)
"Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by Spell Cards. During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. This card must be in face-up Defense Position to activate and to resolve this effect.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to either the ATK or DEF (whichever is higher) of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
1 "Evil HERO" monster + 1 Level 5 or higher monster  Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion". Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; you cannot declare attacks for the rest of this turn, except with "HERO" monsters, also destroy as many monsters your opponent controls as possible with ATK less than or equal to this card's, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each destroyed monster. You can only use this effect of "Evil HERO Malicious Bane" once per turn.
"Evil HERO Malicious Edge" + 1 Level 6 or higher Fiend-Type monster Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During your opponent's Battle Phase, all monsters they control are changed to face-up Attack Position, and each monster they control must attack this card, if able.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Wildheart" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
"Cave Dragon" + "Lesser Fiend"  (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Material Monsters. Negate the effects of Flip Effect Monsters. Negate any Trap effects that target this card on the field, and if you do, destroy that Trap Card.
2 Normal Monsters Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only control 1 "First of the Dragons". This card cannot be destroyed by battle, except by battle with a Normal Monster, and is unaffected by other monsters' effects.
5 Dragon-Type monsters Must be Fusion Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or WIND monster.
"Skull Servant" + "Dissolverock"
"Flame Manipulator" + "Masaki the Legendary Swordsman"
"Silver Fang" + "Darkworld Thorns"
"Edge Imp Sabres" + "Fluffal Bear" When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can equip that monster to this card as an Equip Spell Card with this effect. ● The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK.
3 "Frightfur" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your field, but its ATK is halved. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Chimera" once per turn. This card gains 300 ATK for each monster you control that is owned by your opponent.
1 "Edge Imp" monster + 1 "Fluffal" monster  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Daredevil" once per turn.
1 "Edge Imp" monster + 1 "Fluffal" monster  Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; send it to the Graveyard. This card cannot attack directly the turn this effect is activated. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. Once per turn, at the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can change this card to Defense Position.
"Edge Imp Saw" + 1 "Fluffal" monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Leo" once per turn. This card cannot attack your opponent directly during the turn you activate this effect.
1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster + 1 or more "Fluffal" and/or "Edge Imp" monsters  When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. All "Frightfur" monsters you control gain 400 ATK. If this card was Fusion Summoned using 3 or more Fusion Materials, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
"Edge Imp Chain" + 1 "Fluffal" monster If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, it gains 800 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Sheep" once per turn.
"Edge Imp Sabres" + 1 or more "Fluffal" monsters When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target cards on the field, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon; destroy them. All "Frightfur" monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each "Fluffal" monster and "Frightfur" monster you control. You can only control 1 "Frightfur Tiger".
"Edge Imp Sabres" + 1 or more "Fluffal" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon.
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 Normal Monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 Effect Monster on the field; equip that target to this card (this is a Quick Effect). This card gains DEF equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. You can use monsters you control equipped to this card you control as Fusion Materials for the Fusion Summon of a "Metalfoes" Fusion Monster that lists them as Materials.
"Petit Angel" + "Mystical Sheep #2"
1 "Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth" + 1 non-Effect Synchro Monster This card cannot be targeted by, or destroyed by, the effects of Effect Monsters.
"Gaia The Fierce Knight" + "Curse of Dragon"
"Barrel Dragon" + "Blowback Dragon"  Once per turn: You can toss a coin 3 times and destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, but not more than the number of heads.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Aqua-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Return all Set Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand.
"Gem-Knight Sapphire" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.
3 "Gem-Knight" monsters Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. You can only Special Summon "Gem-Knight Lady Brilliant Diamond(s)" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" monster you control to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
"Gem-Knight Lapis" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. You can only Special Summon "Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli(s)" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" monster from your Main Deck or Extra Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Special Summoned monster on the field.
3 "Gem-Knight" monsters Must first be Fusion Summoned. This card gains 100 ATK for each "Gem-" monster in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Level 7 or lower "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Thunder-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy that target.
"Gem-Knight Garnet" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 face-up "Gem-" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster's ATK on the field, until the End Phase. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 LIGHT monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon/Set 1 monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
"Gem-Knight Tourmaline" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster  Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Rock-Type monster
"Guardian of the Labyrinth" + "Protector of the Throne"
"Gladiator Beast Augustus" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If Summoned this way: You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return it to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck.
"Gladiator Beast Vespasiaus" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You choose the attack targets for your opponent's attacks. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return it to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck.
2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".)
"Gladiator Beast Spartacus" + 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck, by returning the above cards you control to the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the DEF of the destroyed monster. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Extra Deck to Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Spartacus".
"Gladiator Beast Bestiari" + 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) When this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards on the field; destroy those targets. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return it to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Bestiari".
"Gladiator Beast Laquari" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation and destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
3 "Gladiator Beast" monsters Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck.
2 Level 5 or higher "Gladiator Beast" monsters  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor", ignoring its Summoning conditions. At the end of the Battle Phase, if your "Gladiator Beast" monster battled: You can shuffle that monster into the Deck or Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Warrior-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, negate the first effect activated by your opponent during each Battle Phase, also, after that, the equipped monster can make a second attack during this Battle Phase.
2 EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters When this card, or a monster you control that is owned by your opponent, destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field. When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can Tribute 1 EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster; take control of that monster(s). If this face-up card leaves the field: Return control of all monsters you control to the owner.
2 "Gravekeeper's" monsters  Gains ATK/DEF equal to the combined original Levels of the materials used for its Fusion Summon x 100. While "Necrovalley" is on the field, this card, and any card in your Field Zone, cannot be destroyed by card effects. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster or 1 "Necrovalley" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Gravekeeper's Supernaturalist" once per turn.
"The Snake Hair" + "Dragon Zombie"
1 "Predaplant" monster + 1 DARK monster whose original Level is 8 or higher  Must first be Fusion Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, change that target's ATK to 0, also that target has its effects negated. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, then you can banish 1 Level 8 or higher DARK monster from your Graveyard and Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
"Worm Drake" + "Humanoid Slime"
2 Level 5 or higher Warrior monsters  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can add 1 Level 5 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Idaten the Conqueror Star" once per turn. Once per turn: You can discard any number of cards; this card gains 200 ATK for each card discarded. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster with an equal or lower Level (Quick Effect): You can make that opponent's monster's ATK 0 during that damage calculation only.
1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, also destroy this card, then if both monsters were destroyed, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the monster in the Graveyard that was targeted by this effect.
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" + "Berserkion the Electromagna Warrior" Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon both 1 "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" and 1 "Berserkion the Electromagna Warrior" from your hand and/or Deck, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
"Infernoid Onuncu" + "Infernoid Devyaty" + 1 or more "Infernoid" monsters When this card is Fusion Summoned, you can: Apply these effects, in sequence, depending on the number of Fusion Materials with different names used for this card's Summon; ● 3 or more: Each player sends 3 cards from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard. ● 5 or more: Each player sends the top 3 cards from their Deck to the Graveyard. ● 8 or more: Each player returns up to 3 of their banished cards to the Graveyard. ● 10 or more: Each player sends their entire hand to the Graveyard.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 DARK monster  If a player's monster effect attempts to activate, none of that player's monsters can activate their effects for the rest of this turn while this card is face-up on the field. Each player can attack with only 1 monster during each Battle Phase.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 WATER monster  Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its ATK for damage calculation.
1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck  Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND-Attribute. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 "Invoked" monster you control or in your Graveyard; banish it and all monsters your opponent controls with the same Attribute as that monster.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 EARTH monster
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 LIGHT monster  Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: You can send the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap) from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 FIRE monster  This card gains 200 ATK for each card your opponent controls. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 WIND monster  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position.
"Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1" + "Fairy Dragon"
"Ocubeam" + "Mega Thunderball"
"Mystical Elf" + "Curtain of the Dark Ones"
"M-Warrior #1" + "M-Warrior #2"
"Lord of D." + "Divine Dragon Ragnarok" Your opponent cannot select any Dragon-Type monsters as the target(s) of Spell, Trap, or Monster Card effects. Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand.
"Sea Koala" + "Tree Otter" You can send 1 Beast-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
"Kuwagata α" + "Hercules Beetle"
"Giga-Tech Wolf" + "Cannon Soldier"
2 "Lunalight" monsters Cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can Tribute 1 other "Lunalight" monster; for the rest of this turn, the first time each monster your opponent controls would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed, also this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, twice each, this turn. If this card declares an attack: Inflict 100 damage to your opponent.
"Lunalight Panther Dancer" + 2 "Lunalight" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted, or destroyed by, your opponent's card effects. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a monster: You can destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls.
"Lunalight Cat Dancer" + 1 "Lunalight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, the first time each monster your opponent controls would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed, also this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, twice each, this turn. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: This card gains 200 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
3 "Lunalight" monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. Gains 200 ATK for each Beast-Warrior monster that is banished or in the GYs. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Fusion Monster you control; it gains 3000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Sabre Dancer" once per turn.
"Lyrilusc - Assembled Nightingale" + 1 "Lyrilusc" monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned using an Xyz Monster on the field as Fusion Material whose original name includes "Lyrilusc": You can increase this card's Level by the number of Xyz Materials that monster(s) had. This card gains ATK equal to its Level x 500. Unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per turn: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card's Level x 500.
"Sea Kamen" + "Gruesome Goo" + "Amazon of the Seas"
"Water Magician" + "Behegon"
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls, and if you do, all monsters they control lose 300 ATK.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack your opponent directly, but when it does so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Change" Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Masked HERO Anki" once per turn.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its current ATK. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Any card sent to your opponent's Graveyard is banished instead. Once per turn, if your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand (except during the Draw Phase or the Damage Step): You can banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "HERO" monster from your Deck.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle. Your opponent can attack with only 1 monster during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can draw 1 card.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 100 ATK for each "HERO" monster in your Graveyard.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can banish 1 "HERO" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target loses ATK equal to the ATK of the monster banished to activate this effect, until the end of this turn.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
"Big Koala" + "Des Kangaroo"
"Tyhone" + "Wings of Wicked Flame"
"Steel Ogre Grotto #1" + "Lesser Dragon"
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 monster with 2500 or less ATK
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 2 monsters with 3000 or less ATK
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 Pendulum Monster You can target 2 "Metalfoes" cards in your Graveyard and 1 card on the field; shuffle the targets from your Graveyard into the Deck, and if you do, return the target on the field to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Metalfoes Mithrilium" once per turn. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Pendulum Monster from your Graveyard or face-up from your Extra Deck.
2 "Metalfoes" monsters If a "Metalfoes" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict double piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
"Red-Eyes B. Dragon" + "Meteor Dragon"
1 Level 7 "Red-Eyes" monster + 1 Level 6 Dragon-Type monster If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can send 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of that monster. If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
"Relinquished" + 1 Effect Monster  Once per turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls or in their GY; equip that target to this card you control. This card gains ATK/DEF equal to that equipped monster's. Monsters with that equipped monster's name cannot attack, also their effects on the field and their activated effects are negated.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Mirror Force", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When a monster(s) you control is targeted for an attack or by an opponent's card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy all cards your opponent controls.
"Mokey Mokey" + "Mokey Mokey" + "Mokey Mokey" When this card is removed from the field, you can Special Summon as many "Mokey Mokey" as possible from your Graveyard.
2 monsters with the same Attribute but different Types  Your opponent cannot target this card, or monsters on the field with the same Attribute as this card, with card effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can declare 1 Attribute; this card becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
"Big Piece Golem" + "Medium Piece Golem" At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Extra Deck. Then, if all of the Fusion Material Monsters that were used for the Fusion Summon of this card are in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon them.
"Witch of the Black Forest" + "Lady of Faith"
"Giant Soldier of Stone" + "Ancient Elf"
"Naturia Beast" + "Naturia Barkion" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. While this card is face-up on the field, you can negate the activation of a Spell/Trap Card, and destroy it, by removing from play 1 card from your Graveyard, then sending the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard.
2 EARTH Synchro Monsters During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card on the field (and no other cards): You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" At the end of the Damage Step, if this is the only face-up card you control, and this Fusion Summoned card attacked: You can send 1 "Blue-Eyes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard; this card can attack again in a row. You can use this effect of "Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" up to twice per turn. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Blue-Eyes" monster(s) you control: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
This card's name is also treated as "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin". This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "NEX". Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to look at your opponent's hand and select 1 Monster Card in it. If you control a monster with an ATK greater than or equal to the selected monster's, destroy the selected card and inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
This card's name is also treated as "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss". This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "NEX". When this card attacks or is attacked, draw 1 card. Reveal that card, and based on its type apply the proper effect: ● Monster: End the Battle Phase. ● Spell: You can change this card's attack to a direct attack. ● Trap: This monster is changed to Defense Position.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 Fusion Monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK for each monster your opponent controls, until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  1 "Starving Venom" monster + 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster  Must be Fusion Summoned, and can then be Pendulum Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, this card gains ATK equal to its ATK, and if it does, this card's name becomes that monster's original name, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Pendulum Zone, and if you do, place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
1 "Odd-Eyes" monster + 1 Pendulum Monster When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand. During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or another monster's effect is activated: You can shuffle 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck into the Deck, negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Odd-Eyes Vortex Dragon" once per turn.
"Ojama Green" + "Ojama Yellow" + "Ojama Black" Select up to 3 of your opponent's Monster Card Zones. The selected zones cannot be used.
1 "Ojama" monster + 1 "Ojama" monster  Select up to 2 of your opponent's Monster Card Zones. The selected zones cannot be used.
2 "Dream Mirror" monsters with different Attributes  While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK-Attribute. You can only use each of the following effects of "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking" once per turn.  ● If another monster you control is Tributed (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.  ● If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Dream Mirror" monster from your GY, except "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking".
2 Machine-Type monsters with the same name This card can attack your opponent directly.
1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Dragon-Type monster If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
1 "Performapal" monster + 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card on the field, then, if this card was Fusion Summoned using a Pendulum Monster as Material, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Gatlinghoul" once per turn.
1 "Odd-Eyes" monster + 1 "Performapal" monster Cannot be used as a Fusion Material. If this card is Fusion Summoned using "Polymerization", it is unaffected by other cards' effects. If this card declares an attack: All monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
3 Level 10 monsters  If this card is Special Summoned, or if another monster(s) is Special Summoned from the GY to your field while this monster is on the field: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Emperor Trilojig" once per turn.
"Trakodon" + "Flame Viper"
"Prank-Kids Lampsies" + "Prank-Kids Dropsies" + "Prank-Kids Fansies"  Must be Fusion Summoned. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent's card: You can target 1 non-Fusion Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Battle Butler" once per turn.
2 "Prank-Kids" monsters  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can have this card lose 1000 ATK this turn, also it can attack directly this turn. You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" non-Fusion Monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them, but they cannot attack this turn. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Rocket Ride" once per turn.
2 "Prank-Kids" monsters  If your "Prank-Kids" monster attacks, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" non-Fusion Monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them. They cannot be destroyed by battle this turn. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Weather Washer" once per turn.
1 "Predaplant" monster + 1 DARK monster  Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field with a Level less than or equal to this card's; banish it. When an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's face-up monster: You can activate this effect; until the end of this turn, that opponent's monster loses 1000 ATK, and if it does, this card gains 1000 ATK. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
1 Fusion Monster + 1 DARK monster  Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on it, and if it is Level 2 or higher, it becomes Level 1 as long as it has a Predator Counter. Negate the activated effects of your opponent's monsters that have Predator Counters.
3 DARK monsters on the field  Gains ATK equal to the total original ATK of all other monsters on the field with a Predator Counter. You can only use each of the following effects of "Predaplant Triphyoverutum" once per turn.  ● When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from their Extra Deck while you control this Fusion Summoned card (Quick Effect): You can negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).  ● If your opponent controls a monster with a Predator Counter(s): You can Special Summon this card from your GY in Defense Position.
"Blue-Winged Crown" + "Niwatori"
5 Spellcaster monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Fusion Summoned using 5 Spellcaster monsters with different names as materials: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls. Cannot be Tributed, nor used as Fusion Material, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects.
"Battle Ox" + "Mystic Horseman"
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects. ● Send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard; shuffle all monsters your opponent controls into the Deck. ● Send 1 Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; shuffle all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls into the Deck. ● Send 1 card from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; shuffle all cards in your opponent's Graveyard into the Deck.
7 "Crystal Beast" monsters  (This card is always treated as an "Ultimate Crystal" card.)  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing 1 Level 10 "Ultimate Crystal" monster (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your GY; this card gains ATK equal to the banished monster's, until the end of this turn. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this Fusion Summoned card; shuffle all cards on the field into the Deck.
"Fusionist" + "Enchanting Mermaid"
"Spirit Reaper" + "Nightmare Horse" This card is not destroyed as a result of battle. Destroy this card when it is targeted by the effect of a Spell, Trap or Effect Monster. This card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly even if there is a monster on your opponent's side of the field. If this card successfully attacks your opponent's Life Points directly, your opponent discards 1 card randomly from his/her hand.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Dragon-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. It gains 1000 ATK, and 500 ATK and DEF for each Dragon-Type monster on the field and in the Graveyards.
"Red-Eyes B. Dragon" + 1 Warrior monster  When a "Red-Eyes" monster declares an attack: You can target 1 Warrior monster in your GY; equip it to this card as an Equip Spell with this effect. ● The equipped monster gains 200 ATK.  When a card or effect is activated that targets a card you control (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon as many monsters from your GY as possible, that were equipped to this card.
1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card attacks, it is unaffected by other cards' effects until the end of the Damage Step. During either player's turn: You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.
1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can target 2 of your banished "Ritual Beast" cards; return them to the Graveyard, and if you do, add 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your Deck to your hand. During either player's turn: You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.
1 "Ritual Beast Ulti-" monster + 1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If Summoned this way, this card gains this effect. ● During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your hand; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by card effects. During either player's turn: You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.
"Mystic Lamp" + "Hyosube"
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Warrior-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. It can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, also, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
"Feral Imp" + "Snakeyashi"
"Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" + 1 Spellcaster-Type monster If this card was Fusion Summoned using a Pendulum Summoned monster(s) on the field as Fusion Material, it is unaffected by your opponent's card effects this turn. Apply the appropriate effect, depending on the original Level of the monster used as Fusion Material that was not "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". ● Level 4 or lower: This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. ● Level 5 or higher: This card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.
"Warrior Dai Grepher" + "Spirit Ryu" A Fusion Summon of this monster can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, negate the effect of a Normal Trap Card by paying 1000 Life Points. Negate the effects of a Spell Card that targets this card and destroy it.
1 "Salamangreat" monster + 1 Link Monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can have this card gain ATK equal to half the total original ATK of the materials used for its Fusion Summon, until the end of this turn. Once per battle, if this card battles an opponent's monster whose current ATK is different from its original ATK, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can have this card's ATK become double its current ATK, during that damage calculation only. Any monster that battles this card that was Fusion Summoned using a "Salamangreat Violet Chimera" as material has its ATK become 0 during damage calculation only.
"Sangan" + "Witch of the Black Forest"
2 "Melodious" monsters During either player's turn: You can target up to 3 cards in any Graveyard(s); banish them, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
2 Tuners
3 "Six Samurai" monsters with different Attributes  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Six Samurai" card from your hand or face-up from your field, then target 1 card on the field; banish it. If a "Six Samurai" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
"Idaten the Conqueror Star" + 1 Level 5 or higher Warrior monster  Once per turn, during the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can make the ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls 0. Once per battle, if a monster battles another monster, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can make each battling monster gain ATK equal to its own Level x 200, during that damage calculation only. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Idaten the Conqueror Star" from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.)
"The Snake Hair" + "Blackland Fire Dragon"
"Tainted Wisdom" + "Ancient Brain"
"Takuhee" + "Temple of Skulls"
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster + 1 Dragon-Type monster This card's name becomes "Gaia the Dragon Champion" while it is on the field. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. When this card declares an attack on an opponent's monster: You can change the battle position of that opponent's monster.
"Lord of the Lamp" + "Invader from Another Dimension"
"The Forgiving Maiden" + "Darklord Marie"
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can place 1 Venemy Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls. All face-up monsters on the field other than DARK Dragon monsters lose 200 ATK for each Venemy Counter on the field.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  3 DARK Pendulum Monsters  Each time a card(s) is sent from the field to the GY, place 1 Venemy Counter on this card for each. All face-up monsters on the field other than DARK Dragon monsters lose 200 ATK for each Venemy Counter on the field. Once per turn: You can negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
2 DARK monsters on the field, except Tokens  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can make this card gain ATK equal to 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls until the end of this turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, this card's name becomes that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. If this Fusion Summoned card is destroyed: You can destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls.
"Gyroid" + "Steamroid"
"Robolady" + "Roboyarou" You can Special Summon "Super Roboyarou" by returning this card from the field to the Extra Deck. You cannot use this effect during the same turn this monster is Special Summoned. In addition, increase the ATK of this monster by 1000 points during the Damage Step when this monster inflicts Direct Damage to your opponent's Life Points.
"Roboyarou" + "Robolady" You can Special Summon "Super Robolady" by returning this card from the field to the Extra Deck. You cannot use this effect during the same turn this monster is Special Summoned. In addition, increase the ATK of this monster by 1000 points during the Damage Step when this monster battles with a monster.
1 "roid" Fusion Monster + 1 "roid" monster  You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 "roid" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck with ATK less than or equal to that monster. You can only use this effect of "Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 "roid" monster in your Main Monster Zone (other than this card); return that monster you control to the hand, and if you do, move this card you control to that monster's Monster Zone.
"Truckroid" + "Expressroid" + "Drillroid" + "Stealthroid" When this card attacks, its original ATK is halved until the end of the Damage Step. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can select 1 face-up monster on the field, except a Machine-Type monster, and equip it to this card. While equipped by this effect, this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.
"Steamroid" + "Drillroid" + "Submarineroid" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
1 Gemini Monster + 1 Gemini Monster All face-up Gemini Monsters on the field are treated as Effect Monsters, and gain their effects.
1 Spellcaster-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Spellcaster-Type monster This monster can only be Special Summoned by Fusion Summon (from the Extra Deck). When this card is Fusion Summoned, place 2 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from your side of the field to activate one of the following effects: ● Select 1 card on the field, and destroy it. ● Draw 1 card.
2 DARK Pendulum Monsters  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Once per turn: You can target 1 other monster on the field or in the GY; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's original name, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects, also for the rest of this turn, if your monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monsters your opponent controls cannot activate their effects. Once per turn, when your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand (except during the Draw Phase or the Damage Step): You can destroy that card(s).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  4 Dragon-Type monsters (1 Fusion, 1 Synchro, 1 Xyz, and 1 Pendulum)  Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all cards your opponent controls. Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Supreme King Dragon" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
"Zombyra the Dark" + "Maryokutai" When this card is Special Summoned, destroy all monsters on your side of the field except this card. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, neither player can Normal Summon, Flip Summon, or Special Summon any monster.
"Time Wizard" + "Baby Dragon"
"Relinquished" + "Thousand-Eyes Idol" Other monsters on the field cannot change their battle positions or attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card's ATK and DEF become equal to that equipped monster's. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy that equipped monster instead.
"Thunder Dragon" + 1 Thunder monster  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned during the turn a Thunder monster's effect was activated in the hand, by Tributing 1 Thunder Effect non-Fusion Monster (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Cards cannot be added from the Main Deck to your opponent's hand except by drawing them. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 Thunder monster from your GY instead.
3 "Thunder Dragon" monsters  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by banishing 1 Thunder monster from your hand and 1 Thunder Fusion Monster you control, except "Thunder Dragon Titan" (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). When a Thunder monster's effect is activated in the hand, even during the Damage Step (Quick Effect): You can destroy 1 card on the field. If this card would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish 2 cards from your GY instead.
"Legendary Knight Timaeus" + "Legendary Knight Critias" + "Legendary Knight Hermos" Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per battle, if this card battles, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can make this card's ATK and DEF become equal to the ATK of the monster on the field with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied). When this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 3 "Legendary Knight" monsters from your hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Spellcaster-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. At the start of the Damage Step, if it battles an opponent's monster: You can roll a six-sided die, and banish that opponent's monster until the Standby Phase of the Nth turn after this effect's activation (N = the result).
1 "Trickstar" Link Monster + 1 "Trickstar" monster  Any effect damage your "Trickstar" Link Monster linked to this card inflicts to your opponent is doubled. Each time your opponent takes damage by a "Trickstar" monster's effect: This card gains ATK equal to the damage they took. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card attacked this turn: The ATK gained with its own effect returns to 0, then you can add 1 "Trickstar" monster from your GY to your hand.
3 monsters with different names  Must first be either Fusion Summoned using only monsters in your hand and/or field, or Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). If this card was Special Summoned using only monsters that were originally Dragons: You can reveal and banish 3 cards (1 from your Deck, 1 from the top of your opponent's Deck, and 1 from their Extra Deck). You can only use this effect of "Trishula, the Dragon of Icy Imprisonment" once per turn.
2 "Photon" monsters You can Tribute this card; Special Summon, from your Graveyard, both of the Fusion Material Monsters used for the Fusion Summon of this card.
"Thunder Dragon" + "Thunder Dragon"
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Tyrant Wing", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this monster to that target. It gains 400 ATK and DEF, also it can make 3 attacks during each Battle Phase.
"UFOroid" + 1 Warrior-Type monster A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. The original ATK and DEF of this card become equal to the combined original ATK of the 2 Fusion Material Monsters you used for the Fusion Summon of this card.
"Ancient Gear Golem" + 2 "Ancient Gear" monsters This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear Golem" from your Graveyard, ignoring the Summoning conditions.
1 Psychic-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Psychic-Type monster  This monster can only be Special Summoned by Fusion Summon (from the Extra Deck). This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you gain Life Points equal to the destroyed monster's ATK.
"Rhaimundos of the Red Sword" + "Fireyarou"
2 "HERO" monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 other "HERO" monster you control; the opponent's targeted monster loses ATK and DEF equal to the ATK of your targeted monster, until the end of this turn.
3 "HERO" monsters During the turn this card was Fusion Summoned, its ATK is double its original ATK. This Fusion Summoned card can attack 3 times during each Battle Phase. This card cannot attack your opponent directly.
"V-Tiger Jet" + "W-Wing Catapult" This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by removing from play the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization"). You can discard 1 card from your hand to change the battle position of 1 monster your opponent controls. (Flip Effects are not activated at this time.)
"VW-Tiger Catapult" + "XYZ-Dragon Cannon" This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by removing from play the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization"). Once per turn, remove from play 1 card your opponent controls. When this card attacks, you can change the battle position of the attack target. (Flip Effects are not activated at this time.)
"Sonic Maid" + "Beautiful Headhuntress"
"Windwitch - Winter Bell" + 1 "Windwitch" monster  You can target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that target's original name, and replace this effect with that target's original effects. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Windwitch - Winter Bell" and 1 Level 4 or lower "Windwitch" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Windwitch - Crystal Bell" once per turn.
3 Link Monsters  Must first be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. When an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's Link Monster: You can banish 1 Link Monster with the same Link Rating as that monster from your field or GY; destroy that opponent's monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
2 or more Reptile-Type "Worm" monsters For each Fusion Material Monster with a different name used to Fusion Summon this card, it gains 500 ATK, and also gains these effects: ●2+: Once per turn, you can select 1 Reptile-Type monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position. ●4+: You can remove from play 1 Reptile-Type monster from your Graveyard to send 1 monster on the field to the Graveyard. ●6+: Once per turn, you can draw 1 card.
"X-Head Cannon" + "Y-Dragon Head" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
"X-Head Cannon" + "Y-Dragon Head" + "Z-Metal Tank" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
"X-Head Cannon" + "Z-Metal Tank" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
"Y-Dragon Head" + "Z-Metal Tank" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
"Skull Servant" + "Battle Warrior"
