The “raven radiance” that races across the battlefield wearing suits that shine the purest black…  It’s the C Rangers who dwell in the shadows!  They oppose giant monsters with their hidden prowess of flight!
If there are 3 face-up "3-Hump Lacooda" cards on your side of the field, Tribute 2 of them to draw 3 cards.
A huge turtle that has existed for more than 30,000 years.
FLIP: Destroy all Level 4 monsters your opponent controls.
A rare rainbow fish that has never been caught by mortal man.
Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card attacks an opponent's face-down Defense Position monster, this card's ATK becomes 2400 during damage calculation only.
FLIP: Select 1 Trap Card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck. If "Necrovalley" is on the field, you can add the selected card to your hand instead.
When you Normal Summon this card, and during each of your Standby Phases, select 1 Set card on your opponent's side of the field. Pick it up and look at it, then return it to its original position.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card is unaffected by your opponent's monster effects (except its own), also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 other Union monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
This effect can be used during either player's turn. When your opponent activates a Trap Card, Tribute this face-up card to negate the activation of the Trap Card and destroy it.
"ABC-Dragon Buster" + "XYZ-Dragon Cannon" Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing cards you control with the above original names, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. During either player's turn: You can banish this card, then target 1 each of your banished "ABC-Dragon Buster", and "XYZ-Dragon Cannon"; Special Summon them.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position.
When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by battle, both players take 500 damage.
Once per turn, you can toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If you call it wrong, you take 1000 damage.
"A-Assault Core" + "B-Buster Drake" + "C-Crush Wyvern" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control and/or from your Graveyard. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; banish it. During your opponent's turn: You can Tribute this card, then target 3 of your banished LIGHT Machine-Type Union monsters with different names; Special Summon them (this is a Quick Effect).
When a Level 5 or higher monster is Special Summoned: Tribute this face-up card on the field; destroy that Level 5 or higher monster.
During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from the GY; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Normal Trap, Set it to your field. Otherwise, send it to the GY. That Set card can be activated during this turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can look at 3 cards from the top of your Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. You can only use each effect of "Absolute King Back Jack" once per turn.
FLIP: Destroy all Set Spell/Trap Cards on the field, then each player draws 1 card for each of the cards they controlled that was destroyed by this effect. You cannot Set any cards this turn.
When this card destroys a monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, increase your Life Points by the Level of the destroyed monster x 300 points.
If you control a "Rokket" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Absorouter Dragon" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Absorouter Dragon" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 monster your opponent controls and 1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster you control; switch control of those monsters, then destroy this card. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Comic Relief" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Give control of this card to your opponent. Once per turn, if control of this card is changed: Activate this effect; this card's owner can destroy 1 Set "Abyss Script" Spell in their Spell & Trap Zone.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you control no monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser" once per Duel.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Gains 1100 ATK if you control no other monsters. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Abyss Script" Spell from your Deck to the GY; add 1 face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Abyss Actor" monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 1000 ATK for each "Abyss Actor" monster you currently control, until the end of this turn. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 "Abyss Script" Spell Card in your Graveyard; Set that card.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If your opponent controls a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Extras" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute this card; place 1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Abyss Actor" monsters, nor activate the Pendulum Effect of "Abyss Actor - Extras". You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Extras" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Abyss Actor" monster, then target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can make this card gain 300 ATK for each "Abyss Actor" monster you currently control, until the end of this turn. You can target 1 other "Abyss Actor" monster you control; it gains ATK equal to this card's current ATK, until the end of this turn. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when you take battle damage from an opponent's attacking monster: You can activate 1 of these effects;● That opponent's monster loses ATK equal to the damage you took (even if this card leaves the field).● Add 1 face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand with ATK less than or equal to the damage you took.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, when battle damage is inflicted: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses ATK equal to that battle damage. When this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's Monster Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Set 1 "Abyss Script" Spell Card directly from your Deck.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can pay 1000 LP; add 1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Gains 100 ATK for each "Abyss Script" Spell in your GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna" once per turn.  ● When your Pendulum Monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If an "Abyss Script" Spell Card or effect is activated: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Deck, but return it to the hand during the End Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If an "Abyss Actor" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can destroy this card instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  The first time this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect each turn, it is not destroyed. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's Monster Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Abyss Actor" monster from your Deck, except "Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie". If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Abyss Actor" monster, then target 1 "Abyss Script" Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When Normal or Special Summoned, your opponent's Spell/Trap Cards and effects cannot be activated. Once per turn: You can Set 1 "Abyss Script" Spell Card directly from your Deck, but it is sent to the Graveyard during the End Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When you Pendulum Summon a monster: You can add 1 face-up Level 1 or 8 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If you have 2 "Abyss Actor" cards in your Pendulum Zones: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 1 or 8 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster from your hand or face-up from your Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Trendy Understudy" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Abyss Actor" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; this turn, it can make a second and third attack on monsters during each Battle Phase, also other monsters you control cannot attack (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be destroyed by battle during your turn. This card can make a second and third attack on monsters during each Battle Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 "Abyss Actor" card in your other Pendulum Zone; its Pendulum Scale becomes 9 until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Abyss Actor" monsters (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can make this card gain 100 ATK for each "Abyss Actor" monster you currently control with different names, until the end of this turn. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Abyss Actor" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Abyss Actor - Wild Hope". You can only use this effect of "Abyss Actor - Wild Hope" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters While this card has an Xyz Material attached that was originally WATER, all WATER monsters you control gain 500 ATK. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; any card effects that activate in your opponent's Graveyard cannot be activated this turn.
A rarely seen flower that blossoms quietly on the edge of darkness.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard to target 1 card on the field; return it to the hand.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; return that target to either the top or bottom of the Deck.
Once per turn, if this card would be destroyed by an effect that does not target it, it is not destroyed.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn: You can send 1 "Synchron" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● Increase this card's Level by the Level of the monster sent to the Graveyard by this effect.  ● Reduce this card's Level by the Level of the monster sent to the Graveyard by this effect. During your opponent's Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control (this is a Quick Effect). You can only Synchro Summon "Accel Synchron" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that will inflict damage when it resolves: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, inflict 400 damage to your opponent.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower "@Ignister" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Achichi @Ignister". At the start of the Damage Step, if your Cyberse monster battles: You can banish this card from your GY; destroy that monster you control. You can only use each effect of "Achichi @Ignister" once per turn.
A giant caterpillar that secretes an acid mist that melts anything.
During your Main Phase: You can send 1 "Pinecono" from your hand to the Graveyard, and Special Summon this card from the hand.
An autonomous monkey type robot which was developed with cutting-edge technology. It moves very acrobatically.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When a monster(s) you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Acrobatic Magician" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If the activation of a Spell/Trap Card is negated (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
Before damage calculation, if this card was attacked by your opponent's monster and was in face-down Defense Position card at the start of Damage Step: Equip this card to the attacking monster. Then, during your opponent's next Standby Phase, destroy the monster this card is equipped to.
2 Level 5 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it.
2 Level 8 monsters During either player's turn: You can banish 1 random face-down monster from your opponent's Extra Deck, face-up, and if you do, this card's ATK becomes equal to the banished monster's. During either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 of your opponent's banished Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monsters; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls with the same monster card type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz). You can only use each effect of "Aegaion the Sea Castrum" once per turn.
When this card is Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 card on the field; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Aether, the Empowering Dragon" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Empowered Warrior" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; banish it.
2+ monsters, except Tokens  If this card is Link Summoned: You can apply these effects in sequence, depending on the Types of monsters in the GYs (skip over any that do not apply). You can only use this effect of "Agave Dragon" once per turn.  ●Inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each Dragon.  ●This card gains 200 ATK for each Dinosaur.  ●All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 300 ATK for each Sea Serpent.  ●You gain 400 LP for each Wyrm.
When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, roll a six-sided die. You can Special Summon 1 Fairy-Type monster from your Graveyard whose Level is equal to the number rolled. (If the result is 6, you can Special Summon a Level 6 or higher monster.)
You can discard this card; add 1 "Lair of Darkness" from your Deck to your hand. You can Tribute 1 DARK monster; draw 1 card, or, if you Tributed a DARK monster other than this card to activate this effect, you can add 1 DARK monster with 2000 or more DEF from your Deck to your hand, instead. You can only use this effect of "Ahrima, the Wicked Warden" once per turn.
When this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "Ninja" monster you control; reduce its Level by 1.
A monster that feeds on oxygen, suffocating any who stand near.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Draw 1 card.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster from your hand, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy that target, then banish this card until your next Standby Phase.
He seems to be very unreliable, but he might have incredible potential.
A sorcerer who utters spells that render monsters unconscious.
2 monsters with the same Type, except Tokens  You can only Link Summon "Akashic Magician(s)" once per turn. If this card is Link Summoned: Return all monsters this card points to to the hand. Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; excavate cards from the top of your Deck, equal to the total Link Rating of the Link Monsters co-linked to this card, then if you excavated any copies of the declared card, add them to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the GY.
This strange creature hides in the deep, dark corners of the seven seas.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 2 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters in your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can discard 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster from your hand to activate 1 of the following effects: ● Double this card's ATK until the End Phase. ● This card can attack your opponent directly this turn.
All monsters on the field lose ATK and DEF equal to their own Level/Rank x 300.
3 Level 4 Spellcaster-Type monsters This card gains 200 ATK for each Spell Card in your Graveyard. Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; choose 1 Spell Card from your Deck, then Set it in your Spell & Trap Card Zone.
Once per turn, you can change this face-up Attack Position card you control to face-up Defense Position and place 1 Spell Counter on a face-up card you control that you can place a Spell Counter on.
If your opponent controls 2 or more face-up monsters of the same Attribute, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; that target's effects are negated during this turn. There can only be 1 face-up "Alector, Sovereign of Birds" on the field.
During either player's turn: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Fusion Monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn. If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can add 1 "Invocation" from your Deck to your hand.
2 monsters with different Types and Attributes  This card's name becomes "Aleister the Invoker" while on the field or in the GY. If a Fusion Monster is Fusion Summoned: You can discard 1 card, and if you do, add 1 "Invocation" or "The Book of the Law" from your Deck to your hand. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 "Omega Summon" from your Deck to your hand.
Many of the czars' lost jewels can be found in the scales of this priceless dragon. Its creator remains a mystery, along with how they acquired the imperial treasures. But whosoever finds this dragon has hit the jackpot... whether they know it or not.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; negate its effects until the end of this turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Alien" monster from your Graveyard. Destroy it during the End Phase.
When you Normal Summon an "Alien" monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do, place 2 A-Counters on face-up monster(s) your opponent controls.
FLIP: Place 1 A-Counter on 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.) After this card has been flipped face-up, when it is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
If this card destroys a monster with an A-Counter by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● During your Main Phase, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls with an A-Counter(s), and take control of it while this card is on the field. During each of your End Phases, remove 1 A-Counter from each controlled monster. If all A-Counters are removed from one of these monsters, destroy it.
Once per turn, this card can move to an adjacent unoccupied Monster Card Zone. If no Spell, Trap or Monster Card on your opponent's side of the field is in the same column as this card, it can attack your opponent directly.
Place 1 A-Counter on all monsters Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)
The effects of Effect Monsters with A-Counters are negated, except for "Alien Mars".
If this card destroys a monster with an A-Counter by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, Special Summon the destroyed monster to your side of the field at the end of the Battle Phase. When this card is removed from the field, all monsters that were Special Summoned by this card's effect are destroyed.
You can remove 2 A-Counters from anywhere on the field to Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, you can place 1 A-Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.) You can only control 1 face-up "Alien Overlord".
This card is changed to Defense Position when it is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned. Monsters with A-Counters cannot declare an attack.
The Aliens have used a mysterious biological substance to create a supreme race of soldiers. They do not have the natural powers of the other Aliens, but can make stunning physical attacks.
2 Reptile monsters  (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 monster; place A-Counters on face-up monsters on the field equal to the original Level of the discarded monster. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon Reptile monsters with different names from your GY, except Link Monsters, up to the number of monsters your opponent controls with A-Counters. You can only use each effect of "Alien Shocktrooper Mighty/Frame" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 face-up Level 3 or lower monster on your opponent's side of the field to Special Summon this card to your opponent's side of the field. If you Special Summon the monster this way, place 1 A-Counter on this card, and you cannot Normal Summon or Set the same turn. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)
Once per turn, you can remove 1 A-Counter from a monster your opponent controls, and destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, place 2 A-Counters on the monster that destroyed it. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)
A stag beetle with saw-like head and arms.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if your Dragon Pendulum Monster attacked an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; it can attack again in a row. You cannot declare attacks the turn you activate this effect, except with that monster.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or face-up Extra Deck) by Tributing all monsters you control (min. 2), including a Dragon Pendulum Monster. You can only Special Summon "All-Eyes Phantom Dragon" once per turn this way. Once per turn, during damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster: Double this card's current ATK until the end of this turn. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Spell/Trap you control to the GY; negate the activation.
ey, dis mighty lissard man can swing his sword so fast, dat it's more dan da speed a sound!
"Baby Dragon" + "Alligator's Sword" This card can attack your opponent directly if the only face-up monsters they control are EARTH, WATER, or FIRE.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can select 1 Level 3 or lower monster on your opponent's side of the field and equip it to this card. (Only 1 card at a time can be equipped due to this effect.) If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead. During your Standby Phase, by sending this card to the Graveyard while it's equipped due to its effect, Special Summon 1 "Allure Queen LV5" from your hand or Deck.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Allure Queen LV3", you can select 1 Level 5 or lower monster on your opponent's side of the field and equip it to this card. (Only 1 card at a time can be equipped due to this effect.) If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead. During your Standby Phase, by sending this card to the Graveyard while it's equipped due to its effect, Special Summon 1 "Allure Queen LV7" from your hand or Deck.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Allure Queen LV5", you can select 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field and equip it to this card. (Only 1 card at a time can be equipped due to this effect.) If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead.
A high-performance unit developed to enhance the Artificial Intelligence program of the Allies of Justice. Loaded with elements collected from a meteor found in the Worm Nebula, it allows for highly tuned performance. But its full capacity is not yet determined.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a non-DARK monster: Destroy that monster.
A mighty monster in Mist Valley, and the ultimate weapon designed from Claiomh Solais. Its surprise attacks from above baffle invaders.
If this card attacks or is attacked by a LIGHT monster, destroy that monster at the start of the Damage Step (without damage calculation).
If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters, including a LIGHT monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card to the Graveyard, then target up to 2 LIGHT monsters in your opponent's Graveyard; banish those targets.
Once per turn, you can discard 1 card from your hand to return Spell/Trap Cards from the field to the hand equal to the number of face-up Tuner monsters on the field.
1 Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters   Once per turn, if your opponent controls a face-up LIGHT monster(s), you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Select 1 Set card your opponent controls and destroy it. ● Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy all Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls. ● Send all cards in your hand to the Graveyard to look at your opponent's hand and send all LIGHT monsters in their hand to the Graveyard. Then, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the total ATK of the opponent's monsters sent to the Graveyard.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can take control of 1 face-down Defense Position monster your opponent controls, until the End Phase of this turn.
1 Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Synchro Summon. When this card destroys a face-down Defense Position monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
If this card battles a LIGHT monster, it gains 200 ATK during the Damage Step only.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card gains 200 ATK for each LIGHT monster in your opponent's Graveyard.
Any LIGHT monster that has battled this card has its effects negated (starting after damage calculation).
When this card destroys a LIGHT monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, draw 1 card. If that card is a Level 4 or lower DARK monster, you can reveal that card to Special Summon it.
Neither player can Special Summon LIGHT monsters.
If there is a face-up LIGHT monster on the field, destroy this card. If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation.
If this card battles a LIGHT monster, it gains 700 ATK during the Damage Step only.
Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to select 1 face-down Defense Position monster your opponent controls and change it to face-up Attack Position. Flip Effects are not activated at this time.
This card can attack all face-up LIGHT monsters your opponent controls once each. If this card battles a non-LIGHT monster, destroy this card before damage calculation.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. During the battle between an attacking "Ally of Justice" monster you control and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of the attacking monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
When this card battles a LIGHT monster, remove that monster from play after damage calculation.
You can Tribute this card to double the original ATK of 1 face-up "Ally of Justice" monster you control until the End Phase.
When this card is destroyed by battle with a LIGHT monster and sent to the Graveyard, select 2 cards on the field and destroy them.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can banish 1 monster from your hand; banish 1 monster with the same Type from your Deck. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 of your banished monsters; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "The Lone Wolf" once per turn.
● While in Attack Position: Attack Position Winged Beast, Insect and Plant-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. ● While in Defense Position: Defense Position Winged Beast, Insect and Plant-Type monsters you control cannot be targeted by, or be destroyed by, card effects.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Level 8 "Magna Warrior" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Alpha The Electromagnet Warrior" once per turn. During your opponent's turn: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck (this is a Quick Effect).
Alpha, Beta, and Gamma meld as one to form a powerful monster.
2 Level 8 monsters Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is the declared card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. If a card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; place that target on either the top or bottom of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Alsei, the Sylvan High Protector" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  When an opponent's Special Summoned monster declares an attack: You can return 1 "Altergeist" monster you control to the hand; negate that attack. If this card is Tributed and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Dragvirion" once per turn.
Your opponent's monsters cannot target "Altergeist" monsters you control for attacks, except "Altergeist Fifinellag". Your opponent cannot target "Altergeist" monsters you control with card effects, except "Altergeist Fifinellag".
2 "Altergeist" monsters  Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of each "Altergeist" monster it points to. When a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Altergeist" monster this card points to; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Altergeist" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Hexstia" once per turn.
2 "Altergeist" monsters  When another "Altergeist" monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 monster in their GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to, but each turn, it cannot attack unless this card has already declared an attack that turn. If this card is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 "Altergeist" card in your GY; add it to your hand.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack, if you control an "Altergeist" card: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, negate that attack. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; negate the effects of that card while it and this monster are face-up on the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Set 1 "Altergeist" Trap directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone. You can target 1 "Altergeist" card you control and 1 "Altergeist" monster in your GY; send that card on the field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from your GY. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Marionetter" once per turn.
This card can attack directly. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; send it to the GY. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Altergeist Meluseek". You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Meluseek" once per turn.
If you activate a Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Altergeist Multifaker". You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Altergeist" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Multifaker" once per turn.
You can Tribute this card; excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, add 1 excavated "Altergeist" card to your hand, also send the rest to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Pixiel" once per turn.
2+ "Altergeist" monsters  During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 other "Altergeist" monster; Special Summon 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck to your zone this card points to. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Altergeist" card in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Primebanshee" once per turn.
(Quick Effect): You can return 1 other "Altergeist" card you control to the hand, then target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Altergeist" Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Silquitous" once per turn.
Once per turn, if another monster on the field returns to the hand or Main Deck: Send 1 WIND monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
If only this card is banished by the effect of a "Nordic" Link Monster: You can send to the GY, 1 "Nordic" monster you control and 2 "Nordic" monsters from your Deck, whose total Levels equal 10, then Special Summon 1 "Aesir" monster from your Extra Deck. If an "Aesir" monster(s) in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent's card: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Aesir" monster from your Extra Deck, with a different name from the cards in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Alviss of the Nordic Alfar" once per duel.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Monsters cannot activate their effects, except Spirit monsters. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return this card to the hand.
During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; you can Normal Summon 1 monster this turn for 1 less Tribute. You can only use the effect of "Amarylease" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal or Special Summoned. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this face-down monster: You can change this card to face-up Defense Position; draw 1 card. If this card is flipped face-up: Banish all other cards on the field. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
3+ Dragon Effect Monsters  Must be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match.
A mermaid who serves as a herald to the Ocean Lord. She protects the sacred domain of Atlantis.
You can Tribute 2 monsters; inflict 1200 damage to your opponent.
This card's name becomes "Amazoness Tiger" while on the field or in the GY. If an "Amazoness" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field while this card is in your hand or GY: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Amazoness Baby Tiger" once per turn. Gains 100 ATK for each "Amazoness" card in your GY.
Select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls during each of your Standby Phases. It loses 500 ATK until the end of this turn.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can pay 1500 Life Points; look at your opponent's hand, then add 1 monster from their hand to your hand.
"Amazoness Queen" + 1 "Amazoness" monster  Other "Amazoness" cards you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If your "Amazoness" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this face-up Fusion Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can Special Summon 1 "Amazoness Queen" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card.
This card gains 100 ATK for each "Amazoness" monster you control.
"Amazoness Tiger" + 1 "Amazoness" monster  Once per battle, if this card attacks, during damage calculation: You can make this card gain 500 ATK during that damage calculation only. If your "Amazoness" monster attacked an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 800 ATK. Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack "Amazoness" monsters you control, except this one.
This card's name becomes "Amazoness Queen" while on the field or in the GY. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Amazoness" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Amazoness Princess" once per turn. When this card declares an attack: You can send 1 other card from your hand or field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Amazoness" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Amazoness Princess".
"Amazoness" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked and is still on the field: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
During either player's turn: You can Tribute this card; this turn, face-up "Amazoness" monsters you currently control cannot be targeted by monster effects, and cannot be destroyed by card effects.
You can reveal 1 other "Amazoness" monster in your hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Amazoness Spy" once per turn. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Amazoness" monster in your GY, except "Amazoness Spy"; return it to the hand, or shuffle it into the Deck.
Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from battles involving this card instead.
You can only control 1 "Amazoness Tiger". This card gains 400 ATK for each "Amazoness" monster you control. Your opponent cannot attack any face-up "Amazoness" monsters, except this one.
Monsters destroyed by battle with this card are returned to the bottom of the Deck instead of going to the Graveyard. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: It gains 200 ATK.
Once per turn: You can target up to 2 monsters your opponent controls; your opponent can reveal 1 monster in their hand to negate this card's effect, otherwise destroy those monsters.
"Rescueroid" + "Ambulanceroid" This monster cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. Once per turn, when a monster on your side of the field is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon that monster in Defense Position.
When a "roid" monster is added from your Graveyard to your hand, you can Special Summon that monster.
When the control of this face-up card on the field shifts to your opponent, inflict 2000 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points. This effect can only be used once as long as this card remains face-up on the field.
Once per turn: You can reveal 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card in your hand; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Amorphous Persona". If this card is Ritual Summoned: Your opponent skips their next Main Phase 1. Negate the effects of face-up Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monsters while they are on the field. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord".
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can activate cards or effects as Chain Link 2 or higher. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, monsters cannot activate their effects, except "Amorphage" monsters. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead, except "Amorphage" cards. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Amorphage" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can activate Trap Cards or their effects, except for "Amorphage" cards. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can activate Spell Cards or their effects, except for "Amorphage" cards. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player takes any effect damage. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can add cards from their Deck to their hand except by drawing them. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Amorphage" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you control an "Amorphage" monster, neither player can Tribute monsters, except "Amorphage" monsters. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, Tribute 1 monster or destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or flipped face-up, neither player can Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while this card is face-up on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters.
On land or in the sea, the speed of this monster is unmatchable.
"Ground Attacker Bugroth" + "Defender of the Sea"
As long as "Umi" remains face-up on the field, this card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
2+ Effect Monsters  Gains 200 ATK for each Link Monster in the GYs. You can only use each of the following effects of "Amphibious Swarmship Amblowhale" once per turn.  ● If this card is destroyed: You can target 1 Link-3 or lower monster in either GY; Special Summon it.  ● If a Link-3 or lower monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect while this card is in your GY: You can banish this card from your GY; destroy 1 card on the field.
"Dark Magician" + 1 Dragon-Type monster Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials or with "The Eye of Timaeus", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target any number of Spell Cards in any Graveyard(s) (min.1); banish those targets, and if you do, this card gains 100 ATK for each card banished by this effect. If this card is destroyed: You can target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
FLIP: Select 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck. If "Necrovalley" is on the field, you can add the selected Field Spell Card to your hand, instead.
When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card (either by battle, by card effect, or by being destroyed): Target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.
A fallen fairy that is powerful in the dark.
When a monster(s) you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, gain 1000 Life Points.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can increase this card's Level by 1 and ATK by 500.
This elf is rumored to have lived for thousands of years. He leads an army of spirits against his enemies.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn: You can destroy as many Field Spell Cards on the field as possible, and if you do, gain 1000 LP, then you can add 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
1 FIRE Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Pyro-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, remove from play cards from your opponent's Graveyard, up to the number of cards in their hand. This card gains 200 ATK for each card removed from play by this effect.
If you control an "Ancient Gear", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Attack Position.
Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Negate the effects of an opponent's monster destroyed by battle with this card (including in the Graveyard).
If this card is added from the Deck or Graveyard to your hand, except by drawing it: You can add 1 EARTH Machine-Type monster with 500 ATK and/or DEF from your Deck to your hand, except "Ancient Gear Box". You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Box" once per turn.
You can Tribute this card; inflict 500 damage to your opponent, and if you do, neither player can activate Trap Cards during the Battle Phase of this turn.
Negate any Trap effects that target this card, and if you do, destroy that Trap Card. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Ancient Gear Golem", or 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card "Ancient Gear Golem" in its text, from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Frame" once per turn. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon up to 3 "Ancient Gear Golem" and/or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" from your hand, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); this turn, if a monster you control attacks, your opponent's Spell Cards, Trap Cards, or monster effects (whichever was declared) cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn: You can declare 1 "Gadget" monster's card name; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that name.
This card gains the appropriate effects if you Normal Summon it by Tributing these monsters. ● Green Gadget: This card gains 300 ATK. ● Red Gadget: If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. ● Yellow Gadget: If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 700 damage to your opponent.
If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. This card gains the appropriate effects if you Normal Summon it by Tributing these monsters. ● Green Gadget: If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.  ● Red Gadget: If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Inflict 400 damage to your opponent.  ● Yellow Gadget: If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 600 damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Up to twice per turn, when this attacking card destroys a monster by battle: You can discard 1 Machine monster; this card can attack again in a row. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, add 1 other "Ancient Gear" monster from your GY to your hand.
2 "Ancient Gear" monsters  Unaffected by other cards' effects. During your Main Phase: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Howitzer" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Inflict 600 damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials.
At the end of the Damage Step, when this card that was Tribute Summoned by Tributing an "Ancient Gear" monster battles an opponent's monster, but the opponent's monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent's monster. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Gadget" monster, it can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If an "Ancient Gear" monster you control attacks, your opponent's Spell/Trap Cards and monster effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
3 "Ancient Gear" monsters  If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card was Fusion Summoned using 2 or more "Ancient Gear Golem" and/or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" as material, it can attack up to that many times during each Battle Phase. If this face-up Fusion Summoned card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem" from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
If this card that was Tribute Summoned by Tributing an "Ancient Gear" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Gadget" monster, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks, your opponent's Spell/Trap Cards and monster effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: You can destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field.
If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Ancient Gear" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Ancient Gear Wyvern", also you cannot Set cards for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Gear Wyvern" once per turn. If this card attacks, your opponent's monsters cannot activate their effects until the end of the Damage Step.
A very fragile jar that contains something ancient and dangerous.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon "La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp" from your hand. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. Before damage calculation, if this card is being attacked by an opponent's monster, and was face-down at the start of the Damage Step: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls, except the attacking monster; the attacking monster attacks it instead, and you proceed to damage calculation.
Before the dawn of man, this lizard warrior ruled supreme.
This creature adopts the form of a white goat living in the forest, but is actually a Forest Elder.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters After resolving a Field Spell Card that was activated during your turn: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Ancient Pixie Dragon" once per turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; destroy that target. There must be a face-up Field Spell Card on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
1 LIGHT Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters While your LP are higher than your opponent's, this card gains ATK equal to the difference. While your LP are lower than your opponent's, this card loses ATK equal to the difference. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can pay 1000 LP; Special Summon this card.
Armed with an array of magic wands, this creature is capable of multiple attacks.
A destructive machine discovered in the Ruins of the Ancients.
This ancient arbor uses its extensive knowledge to avoid the damage of enemy attacks.
You can pay 500 Life Points to Special Summon this card when "Pyramid of Light" is on the field. This card cannot attack during the turn that it is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. If this card destroys a Defense Position monster as a result of battle, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to half of the ATK of the destroyed monster.
When a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then make 1 face-up monster on the field unable to attack, also it has its effects negated. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Anesthrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Anesthrokket Dragon" once per turn.
When this card is Tribute Summoned, it gains the following effect: ● The effects of Effect Monsters cannot be activated.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card gains 100 ATK for each of your opponent's banished cards. During the Standby Phase of the next turn after this card was banished: Special Summon this banished card. You can only use the effect of "Angel of Zera" once per turn.
This beautiful, fairy-like flower generates a delusional mist to keep intruders away from the deepest parts of the forest, where sacred beasts dwell.
When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can banish 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard; add 1 card with the same name as the banished Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can discard this card, then target 1 monster in either GY, except this card; Special Summon it to your field, but send it to the GY during the End Phase. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Monster Reborn" from your Deck or GY to your hand during the End Phase of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Ankuriboh" once per turn.
A silent and deadly warrior specializing in assassinations.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending 2 Spell or Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard. You can destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.
Dis man-like dinosawz gotta high I.Q., even tho he's lackin' in da strength depawtment. (Kinda like yooz, if ya had a high I.Q.! Nyaah!)
By Tributing 1 Insect-Type monster on your side of the field, inflict 800 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Once per turn, during the Battle Phase, if this card battled a monster (Quick Effect): You can activate this effect; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 Cyberse monster. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: Draw 1 card.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: This card gains 300 ATK. If this card does not attack during your turn, the ATK gained from this effect returns to 0 during the End Phase of that turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn, if this card is in face-up Attack Position: You can send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up Defense Position monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase. It cannot change its battle position this turn.
While this card is face-up on the field, it is Level 5 if you control a face-up Tuner monster. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select and Special Summon 1 "Oracle of the Sun" from your Graveyard.
2+ monsters with different names, except Tokens  This card's original ATK becomes the number of materials used for its Link Summon x 800. Once per Chain, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can make this card lose exactly 800 ATK, and if you do, negate the activation. You can only control 1 "Apollousa, Bow of the Goddess".
Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 "Qli" Tributes to Normal Summon/Set. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by Spell/Trap effects and by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 "Qli" Tributes to Normal Summon/Set. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by Spell/Trap effects and by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. All Special Summoned monsters lose 500 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can make your opponent send 1 monster from their hand or their side of the field to the Graveyard (their choice).
Once per turn, if this card is targeted for an attack: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or lower Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand, then change the attack target to it, and if you do, the attacking monster's ATK becomes half its current ATK. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target up to 3 other "Magician Girl" monsters with different names in your Graveyard; add them to your hand.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 card. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Dark Magician" from your Deck to your hand. During damage calculation (in either player's turn), if your other DARK Spellcaster-Type monster battles an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; that monster you control gains 2000 ATK and DEF during that damage calculation only.
If this card is Summoned: Target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; place 1 Spell Counter on that target. If this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.  If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.
When your opponent's monster declares a direct attack, if you have another "Ninja" monster in your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target the attacking monster; negate that attack.
"Fairy Dragon" + "Amazon of the Seas" + "Zone Eater"
A wizard of the waters that conjures a liquid wall to crush any enemies that oppose him.
This monster hypnotizes an opponent with the ball on its tail and draws them to a watery doom.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 WATER monster in your Graveyard. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases, you can change the battle position of 1 of your opponent's face-up Monster Cards. Once changed, the monster must remain in this position for the rest of the turn.
Once per turn: You can add 1 "Aquaactress" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Aquaactress" monster from your hand.
Once per turn: You can add 1 "Aquarium" card from your Deck to your hand.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, they discard 1 random card.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can add 1 Spirit monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Aratama".
3 Warrior monsters with different names  Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets this face-up card on the field and/or a monster(s) it points to (Quick Effect): You can discard the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); negate the activation. When this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Warrior Normal Monster from your Deck, and if you do, add 1 Level 4 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. This card cannot be changed to Defense Position, except with a card effect. When this card is Summoned: Toss a coin and gain the appropriate effect. ● Heads: Negate your card effects that target this card, and destroy them. ● Tails: Negate your opponent's card effects that target this card, and destroy them.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Toss a coin and gain the appropriate effect. ● Heads: This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, but if it does so using this effect, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. Its battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn. ● Tails: If this card is destroyed, destroy all cards on the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Toss a coin and gain the appropriate effect. ● Heads: When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. ● Tails: During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, that targets this card is activated: This card loses exactly 1000 ATK and you negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: When a Spell Card is activated, this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK until the End Phase of that turn. ● Tails: When a Spell Card is activated, your opponent gains 500 Life Points.
When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: Each time your opponent Normal Summons or Sets a monster, you can Special Summon 1 "Arcana Force" monster from your hand. ● Tails: Each time your opponent Normal Summons or Sets a monster, send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard.
When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: All "Arcana Force" monsters you control gain 500 ATK. ● Tails: All "Arcana Force" monsters you control lose 500 ATK.
When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of an "Arcana Force" monster. ● Tails: You cannot Tribute Summon "Arcana Force" monsters.
When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field. ● Tails: Your opponent gains control of this card.
During damage calculation, in either player's turn: You can discard this card; you take no Battle Damage from that battle. When this card is Summoned: Toss a coin and apply this effect. The effect lasts while this card is face-up on the field. ● Heads: Halve all Battle Damage you take. ● Tails: Halve all Battle Damage your opponent takes.
When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: During your Standby Phase, you can Special Summon 1 "Moon Token" (Fairy-Type/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). ● Tails: During each of your End Phases, select 1 monster you control and give control of it to your opponent.
When this card is Summoned, toss a coin: ● Heads: During your End Phase, you can send 2 monsters you control to the Graveyard to skip your opponent's next turn. ● Tails: During your opponent's Draw Phase, add the top card of their Graveyard to their hand.
"Queen's Knight" + "Jack's Knight" + "King's Knight" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets this face-up card on the field: You can discard the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); negate the effect.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon, you can add 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your Deck to your hand.
While there is a Plant-Type monster on your side of the field, this card cannot be attacked. By Tributing 1 Plant-Type monster on your side of the field, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Spellcaster-Type monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: Place 2 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from your field, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". When this card is Special Summoned, place 2 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card to destroy all cards your opponent controls. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Arcanite Magician" from your Graveyard.
1 Level 6 "Archfiend" Normal Monster + 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster You can only Special Summon "Archfiend Black Skull Dragon(s)" once per turn. If this card battles, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. If damage calculation is performed involving this Fusion Summoned card, at the end of the Battle Phase: You can target 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK in the Graveyard, then shuffle it into the Deck.
If this card on the field is destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Archfiend" monster in your GY, except "Archfiend Cavalry"; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack this turn.
If you control an "Archfiend" card, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but it cannot attack this turn. You can only Special Summon "Archfiend Commander" once per turn this way. When Special Summoned this way: Target 1 "Archfiend" card you control; destroy that target. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target 1 Level 6 "Archfiend" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 other Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy both it and this card. You can only use this effect of "Archfiend Eccentrick" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute this card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Archfiend Eccentrick" once per turn.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK/DEF become halved. If Summoned this way, this card is destroyed during the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon any monsters, except Fiend monsters. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Archfiend" card from your hand or GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
If (exactly) 1 face-up DARK Fiend-Type monster on the field, except this card, would be destroyed, you can remove from play 1 DARK Fiend-Type monster from your Graveyard, instead. When this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can select 1 Level 6 or higher DARK Fiend-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Archfiend Empress", and Special Summon it.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard to add 1 "Pandemonium" from your Deck to your hand. If this card is on the field but "Pandemonium" is not on the field, destroy this card.
If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by a card effect, you can pay 500 Life Points instead. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Archfiend" monster from your hand.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard because of a card effect or being destroyed by battle: You can add 1 "Archfiend" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Archfiend Heiress". You can only use the effect of "Archfiend Heiress" once per turn.
While you control this face-up Attack Position card, when an opponent's monster declares an attack, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
An air marmot that has a nefarious horn and wings. It attacks by throwing acorns.
A wicked mirror that hypnotizes enemies, diverting attacks from their intended targets.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; equip that target with this card. That monster loses 500 ATK while equipped with this card.
An expert at battle who belongs to a crack diabolical unit. He's famous because he always gets the job done.
"Plaguespreader Zombie" + 2+ non-Tuner Zombie monsters  Zombie monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.
2 Level 6 monsters  This card's name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. If "Summoned Skull(s)" you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead. If this Xyz Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Contract with the Abyss". This card's name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. Cannot be destroyed by battle, except by battle with a Ritual Monster, and cannot be destroyed by monster effects, except those of Ritual Monsters. If this Ritual Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  This card's name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. Your opponent cannot target any "Summoned Skull" you control with card effects. If this Synchro Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
"Summoned Skull" + 1 DARK monster  This card's name becomes "Summoned Skull" on the field, but is still treated as an "Archfiend" card. All "Summoned Skull" you control gain 500 ATK. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Summoned Skull" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
If you have exactly 4 Fairy-Type monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If Summoned this way: Target 1 Fairy-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. Neither player can Special Summon monsters. If this face-up card would be sent from the field to the Graveyard, place it on top of the Deck, instead.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 face-up "Warrior of Zera" on your side of the field while "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on your side of the field, by discarding 1 LIGHT Monster Card from your hand to the Graveyard, destroy all monsters on your opponent's side of the field. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is not on your side of the field, this effect is not applied.
If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 8 or lower Machine monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, and if you do, it becomes Level 9, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Arcjet Lightcrafter" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Machine Xyz Monsters.
While this Special Summoned card is on the field, "Melodious" monsters you control cannot be targeted by card effects, or be destroyed by battle.
Once per turn: You can reveal any number of "Nekroz" cards in your hand; increase or reduce this card's Level by the number of revealed cards until the end of this turn. If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Deck to your hand, except a Ritual Monster. You can only use this effect of "Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz" once per turn.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Tributed: You can Special Summon 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Arisen Gaia the Fierce Knight" once per turn. When you Ritual Summon a "Black Luster Soldier" monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: You can banish as many face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK and DEF for each card banished. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there last turn: You can target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Arkbrave Dragon"; Special Summon it.
A lady monster dwelling in a flower, she sprinkles the air with poisonous pollen.
An ammonite warrior that has protected the seas throughout history.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.
When this card is Summoned: You can send 1 DARK monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
A strange warrior who manipulates three deadly blades with both hands and his tail.
"VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon" + "Armed Dragon LV7"  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) during a Duel you Special Summoned both the above cards, by banishing the above cards from your field and/or GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects with the same name as any banished card. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 card from your Deck or Extra Deck, face-up; banish all cards your opponent controls and in their GY.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 "Armed Dragon LV7". You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls.
During your Standby Phase: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Armed Dragon LV5" from your hand or Deck.
You can send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to the sent monster's ATK; destroy that target. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Armed Dragon LV7" from your hand or Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Armed Dragon LV5", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard; destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to the sent monster's ATK.
FLIP: Target 1 Spell Card on the field; destroy that target. (If the target is Set, reveal it, and destroy it if it is a Spell Card. Otherwise, return it to its original position.)
Face-up Equip Cards you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. This card gains 500 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to this card.
For each Equip Card equipped to this card, it gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase.
After damage calculation, if this card battles an Effect Monster: Negate the effects of that monster (including in the Graveyard). You must control another face-up WATER monster to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy 1 face-up Level 3 or lower WATER monster you control instead.
2 Effect Monsters  Cannot be used as Link Material. You can target 1 face-up monster this card points to; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand in Defense Position, with the same original Level as that monster, to your zone this card points to, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Armiryle the Starguide Dragon" once per turn.
"Uria, Lord of Searing Flames" + "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder" + "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by battle. This card gains 10,000 ATK during your turn only.
Once per turn, you can equip this card to a Warrior-Type monster you control, OR unequip it to Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this effect, when that monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, destroy 1 card on the field. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, this card is destroyed instead.)
This card cannot attack in the same turn it is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned, or Special Summoned. During each of your and your opponent's Standby Phases, remove 1 Spell Counter on your side of the field. If you do not, destroy this card.
If you control a face-up Psychic-Type monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you take damage equal to half the destroyed monster's ATK. Then, you can Special Summon 1 monster from your Graveyard with ATK less than or equal to the damage you took.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve that target's ATK until the End Phase.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "Cyber Dragon" you control, or 1 Fusion Monster you control that lists "Cyber Dragon" as Fusion Material; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. Once per turn, while equipped to a monster by this effect: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; the equipped monster loses exactly 1000 ATK (even if this card leaves the field), and if it does, destroy that target. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
2 Level 2 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 1000 ATK or DEF. During either player's Battle Step, while an attack involving your monster is occurring: You can discard 1 card; for the rest of this turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage. You can only use this effect of "Armored Kappa" once per Duel.
A lizard with a very tough hide and a vicious bite.
The fur on this monster rat is tough enough to repel swords.
A bluish starfish with a solid hide capable of fending off attacks.
This warrior blindly swings a deadly blade with devastating force.
If this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing at least 1 "roid" monster: Banish all Spells and Traps on the field.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 monster on the field; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, that target gains 1000 ATK. If that target destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck in Attack Position.
If this card is flipped face-up, this card cannot be destroyed by battle while it is face-up on the field. If this card is flipped face-up, during each player's End Phase: You gain 500 LP.
While your LP is higher than your opponent's, if a Plant-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, if you gain LP: This card gains 1000 ATK and DEF until the end of your opponent's turn.
While your LP is higher than your opponent's, face-up monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, if you gain LP: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
During your Main Phase, while your LP is higher than your opponent's, you can Normal Summon 1 Plant-Type monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set, except "Aromage Jasmine". (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Once per turn, if you gain LP: Draw 1 card.
If your LP are higher than your opponent's: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you gain LP: Target 1 non-Tuner Plant monster on the field; it is treated as a Tuner this turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can gain 500 LP. You can only use each effect of "Aromage Laurel" once per turn.
While your LP are higher than your opponent's, you take no battle damage from attacks involving your Plant monsters. You can only use each of the following effects of "Aromage Marjoram" once per turn.  ● When your Plant monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then gain 500 LP.  ● If you gain LP: Target cards in your opponent's GY, up to the number of "Aroma" monsters you control; banish them.
While your LP is higher than your opponent's, if a Plant-Type monster you control attacks, your opponent cannot activate monster effects until the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn, if you gain LP: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change its battle position.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 "Aroma" monster in your Graveyard; gain LP equal to that target's ATK. While your LP is higher than your opponent's, you control an "Aroma" monster, and this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Aromaseraphy Angelica" once per turn.
2 Plant monsters  While your LP is higher than your opponent's, this card and Plant monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by battle. You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to; Special Summon 1 Plant monster from your Deck in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Aromaseraphy Jasmine" once per turn. Once per turn, if you gain LP: Add 1 Plant monster from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters While your LP is higher than your opponent's, all Plant-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, if you gain LP: Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; that face-up card has its effects negated until the end of this turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  While your LP are higher than your opponent's, your opponent cannot target Plant monsters you control with card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Aromaseraphy Sweet Marjoram" once per turn.  ● If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can add 1 "Humid Winds", "Dried Winds", or "Blessed Winds" from your Deck to your hand.  ● If you gain LP: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.
If you control no other Insect-Type monsters, this card's ATK and DEF become 1000.
FLIP: Add 1 "Guardian" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Celtic Guardian", "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1", "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #2", "Guardian of the Labyrinth", or "The Reliable Guardian".
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: Your opponent cannot target "Artifact" monsters you control for attacks for the rest of this turn.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: "Artifact" monsters you control cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects until the end of this turn.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: Destroy up to 2 Set cards you control (min. 1). You can only use this effect of "Artifact Beagalltach" once per turn.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. During your opponent's turn, each time an "Artifact" monster(s) is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card. You must control this face-up card to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only control 1 "Artifact Caduceus".
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a Spell/Trap Card(s) you control, while this card is in your hand: You can return 1 Set Spell/Trap Card you control to the hand; Special Summon this card.
2 Level 5 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn, you can activate 1 of these effects. ● When a monster effect is activated on the field OR when a Normal Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; the activated effect becomes "Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls". ● You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; each player with a hand shuffles their entire hand into the Deck, then draws the same number of cards they shuffled into the Deck.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 "Artifact" monster in your Graveyard; Set that target in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in your Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. When an "Artifact" card(s) is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. During your opponent's turn: You can Tribute this card from your hand or face-up from your field; neither player can banish cards for the rest of this turn (this is a Quick Effect).
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your GY: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: Target 1 "Artifact" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters until the end of the next turn, except "Artifact" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Artifact Mjollnir" once per turn.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, if this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: You can destroy 1 face-up card your opponent controls.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, when this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: Your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. During your opponent's turn, when this Set card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn: Destroy all cards in your Spell & Trap Zone. When a monster your opponent controls declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.
2 Level 4 "Noble Knight" monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target up to 3 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Cards with different names in your Graveyard; equip those targets to this card. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy any number of Spell/Trap Cards on the field, up to the number of "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Cards you control.
You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position, then you can Special Summon 1 "Fire Ant Ascator" from your hand or Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Ascator, Dawnwalker" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: It gains 800 ATK for each card currently in your hand. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard, if all the monsters that were used for the Synchro Summon of this card are in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon all of them, but their effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Ascension Sky Dragon" once per turn.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that includes any of these effects: You can discard this card; negate that effect.  ● Add a card from the Deck to the hand.  ● Special Summon from the Deck.  ● Send a card from the Deck to the Graveyard.  You can only use this effect of "Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring" once per turn.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard to add 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, it is treated as a Tuner monster while face-up on the field. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Winged Beast-Type Synchro Monster in your Graveyard, except "Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling"; Special Summon it.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Blackwing" monster. If Summoned this way, this card is treated as a Tuner monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster you control, and declare a Level from 1 to 8; it becomes that Level until the end of this turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, it is treated as a Tuner while face-up on the field. Cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can target 1 "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard; this card's Level becomes the same as that monster's. You can only use this effect of "Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder" once per Duel. If this card that was Synchro Summoned using only Synchro Monsters attacks, this card gains 3000 ATK during the Damage Step only.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, it is treated as a Tuner monster while face-up on the field. Once per turn: You can target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of other "Blackwing" monsters you control; destroy them.
1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster If this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, it is treated as a Tuner while face-up on the field. Twice per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Material, it is treated as a Tuner while face-up on the field. You can only use each of these effects of "Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm" once per turn. ● When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 "Assault Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. ● During your Main Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can banish 1 other "Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm" from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon any number of "Assault Dog" from your Deck.
Once per turn, you can return 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your hand or Graveyard to the Deck to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 monster that specifically list the card “Assault Mode Activate” in its text from your hand or Deck, except “Assault Sentinel”, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; reveal 1 Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck, and if you do, its Type and Attribute becomes the same as that monster’s until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Assault Sentinel" once per turn.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Assault Wyvern".
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but it has its effect(s) negated, also banish it during the End Phase. Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die. The Levels of all face-up monsters you control become the same as the result until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can destroy this card, and if you do, take 1 "Stargazer Magician" from your hand or Deck, and either place it in your Pendulum Zone or Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Astrograph Sorcerer" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can choose 1 monster in the Graveyard, Extra Deck, or that is banished, and that was destroyed this turn, and add 1 monster with the same name from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card you control, plus 4 monsters from your hand, field, and/or Graveyard (1 each with "Pendulum Dragon", "Xyz Dragon", "Synchro Dragon", and "Fusion Dragon" in their names); Special Summon 1 "Supreme King Z-ARC" from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.)
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.
If this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, you can return 1 Trap Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
Each time a Fairy-Type monster(s) is Summoned: Inflict 600 damage to your opponent. Once per turn: You can send 1 face-up Fairy-Type monster you control to the Graveyard, except "Athena", then target 1 Fairy-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Athena"; Special Summon that target.
This card gains 800 ATK while you control a face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster other than this card.
All Level 3 or lower Sea Serpent-Type monsters you control can attack your opponent directly. When this card is sent to the Graveyard to activate a WATER monster's effect: Add 1 Sea Serpent-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Atlantean Dragoons".
During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Sea Serpent-Type monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) When this card is sent to the Graveyard to activate a WATER monster's effect: Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Atlantean" Sea Serpent-Type monster from your Deck, except "Atlantean Marksman". When this card is sent to the Graveyard to activate a WATER monster's effect: Target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
The Great Ocean Lord, who reigns over the depths, is served by these lancers. Deep-sea creatures exist in fear of facing the stream of attacks their lances are capable of.
When this face-up card on the field attacks or is attacked and it is destroyed as a result of battle, the player who destroyed it takes 1000 points of damage.
1 "Scrap" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can select 1 card you control and up to 3 cards in your opponent's Graveyard. Destroy your selected card and return the opponent's cards to the Deck. When this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard, select 1 non-Synchro "Scrap" monster from your Graveyard, and Special Summon it.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster, select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. The selected opponent's monster loses 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
2 "World Chalice" monsters  Gains 300 ATK for each "World Legacy" monster in your GY with a different name. You can Tribute 1 "World Chalice" monster this card points to, then target 1 other monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Auram the World Chalice Blademaster" once per turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster from your hand.
Neither player can target "Lightsworn" monsters (anywhere) with card effects. During each of your End Phases: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
Neither player can Special Summon monsters. When another monster is Normal Summoned to either player's side of the field, destroy this card.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. You can only use the effect of "Aurora Wing" once per turn.
FLIP: While this card is face-up on the field, take control of 1 EARTH monster your opponent controls.
2 monsters, including an EARTH monster  (This card is always treated as a “Familiar-Possessed” card.)  You can only use each effect of this card’s name once per turn.  (1) You can target 1 EARTH monster in your opponent’s GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to.  (2) If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent’s card effect while in its owner’s Monster Zone: You can add 1 EARTH monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.
When a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then send 1 Spell/Trap on the field to the GY. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Autorokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Autorokket Dragon" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 EARTH monster (except this card) to Special Summon 1 EARTH monster from your hand. The monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed if "Avalanching Aussa" is removed from your side of the field.
By sending 1 "Pot of Greed" from your hand to the Graveyard, draw 3 cards from your Deck.
2 Zombie monsters  This card's name becomes "Revendread Slayer" while on the field. You can only use each of the following effects of "Avendread Savior" once per turn.  ● You can target 1 "Vendread" card in your GY; add it to your hand.  ● During damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Zombie monster from your Deck to the GY; that opponent's monster loses ATK equal to the Level of the monster sent to the GY x 200, until the end of this turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target's battle position. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) while there are 8 or more Link Monsters with different names on the field and/or in the GYs. You cannot Special Summon other monsters the turn you Special Summon this card. This card's Special Summon cannot be negated. If this card is Special Summoned: Shuffle all other monsters into the Deck, from among the cards on the field, in the GYs, and face-up banished cards. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.
An axe-wielding monster of tremendous strength and agility.
Once per turn: You can have this card gain 400 ATK. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by banishing 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Send the top card of their Deck to the Graveyard.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Normal Monsters If this card is Special Summoned: Dragon-Type monsters you currently control cannot be targeted or destroyed by card effects until the end of the next turn. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card is unaffected by your opponent's Spell effects, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Union monster from your Deck to your hand.
A jet-black dragon found in the deepest jungles who normally devours trees.
"Summoned Skull" + "Red-Eyes B. Dragon"    (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 3 counters on it. Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: Remove 1 counter from this card. If you cannot, destroy it.
If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. When this card is Special Summoned, place 3 counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, remove 1 counter from this card at the end of the Damage Step. If you cannot, destroy it.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 3 counters on this card. Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: Remove 1 counter from this card. If you cannot, destroy it. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; shuffle all "B.E.S." monsters from your Graveyard into the Deck.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "B.E.S. Blaster Cannon Core" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 3 counters on this card. Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: Remove 1 counter from this card. If you cannot, destroy it.
When this card is Normal Summoned, put 2 counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, at the end of the Damage Step toss a coin and call it. If you call it wrong, remove 1 counter. If this card battles without a counter, destroy it at the end of the Damage Step.
When this card is Normal Summoned, put 3 counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, remove 1 counter from this card at the end of the Damage Step. If you cannot, destroy it. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can change 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Defense Position.
When this card is Normal Summoned, put 3 counters on it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, remove 1 counter from this card at the end of the Damage Step. If you cannot, destroy it. Once per turn, you can remove 1 counter on this card to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
2 monsters  At the start of the Battle Phase: You can target this card or 1 monster this card points to; banish it until the End Phase. You can only use the effect of "Baba Barber" once per turn.
Much more than just a child, this dragon is gifted with untapped power.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 Beast-Type monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Baby Raccoon Ponpoko". You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except Beast-Type monsters.
FLIP: Special Summon 1 Level 2 Beast-Type monster from your Deck, except "Baby Raccoon Tantan".
3 Level 1 monsters During your Main Phase 1: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Level 1 monster you control; it can attack your opponent directly.
If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck.
An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ●If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If this card is in the GY and you control no cards: You can Special Summon both this card, and 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster from your hand, in Defense Position, but banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Background Dragon" once per turn.
If only your opponent controls a monster in the Extra Monster Zone, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can Tribute this card; shuffle all monsters from the Extra Monster Zones into the Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn.
You can target 1 face-up monster that a Link Monster you control points to; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, return that monster to the hand. If Special Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Backup Operator" once per turn.
If you control a Cyberse monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Backup Secretary" once per turn this way.
2 monsters  At the end of the Damage Step, if this card was Link Summoned using "Backup Secretary" as material and your monster this card points to battled an opponent's monster: You can Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your hand. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Backup Secretary" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use each effect of "Backup Supervisor" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while the only monsters you control are 2 Defense Position monsters. You cannot Synchro Summon the turn you Special Summon this card.
During either player's Battle Step, while an attack is occurring: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the attack. You can only use the effect of "Bacon Saver" once per Duel.
2 Level 4 WATER monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Rank 3 or lower WATER Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck. This card cannot attack for the rest of this turn.
Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP; during your Main Phase this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 Cyberse monster, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If this card is banished: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Balancer Lord" once per turn.
Put 1 counter on this card during each of your Standby Phases. When this card is destroyed, inflict damage to the controller of the card that destroyed it equal to the number of counters X 400 points.
Any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.
Any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on either the top or bottom of your Deck. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon any number of "Baobaboon" from your Deck.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Barbar, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target up to 3 "Burning Abyss" cards in your Graveyard, except "Barbar, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss"; banish them, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each.
5 Machine-Type "roid" monsters This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. This card cannot attack your opponent directly. After damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent's monster: Negate the effects of that monster (including in the Graveyard). If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
An aristocrat who wields a sword possessed by a malicious spirit that preys on the weak.
"Frenzied Panda" + "Ryu-Kishin"
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; toss a coin 3 times and destroy it if at least 2 of the results are Heads.
This wicked flower attacks enemies with pollen projectiles.
Shouldering a pair of machine guns, this monster is unstoppable.
2 monsters with different names  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 Continuous or Field Spell from your GY to your hand. You can only use this effect of “Barricadeborg Blocker” once per turn. Face-up Spells you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent’s card effects.
During either player's turn: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Tuner monster you control; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage from attacks involving it.
No monsters can be Special Summoned, except for DARK monsters.
No monsters can be Special Summoned, except for EARTH monsters.
No monsters can be Special Summoned, except for LIGHT monsters.
Neither player can Special Summon monsters, except FIRE monsters.
No monsters can be Special Summoned, except for WIND monsters.
Neither player can Special Summon monsters, except WATER monsters.
Usually found traveling in swarms, this creature's ideal environment is the forest.
If you control an "Evil Eye" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Basilius, Familiar of the Evil Eye" once per turn this way. During your Main Phase: You can send 1 "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Basilius, Familiar of the Evil Eye" once per turn.
A mechanical bat that drops blasts from its wings.
When this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "Batteryman" monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, this card's ATK and DEF become double its original ATK and DEF. You can only use this effect of "Batteryman 9-Volt" once per turn. During your End Phase: Destroy this card.
If all "Batteryman AA"(s) you control are in Attack Position, this card gains 1000 ATK for each. If all "Batteryman AA"(s) you control are in Defense Position, this card gains 1000 DEF for each.
When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up, you can Special Summon 1 "Batteryman AAA" from your hand or Graveyard.
If all "Batteryman C"(s) you control are in Attack Position, all Machine-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK for each "Batteryman C" you control. If all "Batteryman C"(s) you control are in Defense Position, all Machine-Type monsters you control gain 500 DEF for each "Batteryman C" you control.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 "Batteryman" monster, except "Batteryman Charger", from your hand or Deck. This card gains 300 ATK and DEF for each Thunder-Type monster you control.
Your opponent cannot select a Thunder-Type monster you control as an attack target (except "Batteryman D").
If you control 2 or more face-up "Batteryman" monsters, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 "Batteryman" monster, except this card, to select 1 card your opponent controls and return it to its owner's hand.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 2 "Batteryman" monsters from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 Thunder-Type monster from your Graveyard to destroy 1 monster and 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
FLIP: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Batteryman" monster from your Deck, except "Batteryman Micro-Cell". After this card has been flipped face-up, when it is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Thunder monster from your Deck to the GY. If a Thunder monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned while this monster is on the field: Special Summon 1 "Batteryman Token" (Thunder/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can target 1 "Batteryman" Effect Monster you control or in your GY; this card's name becomes that monster's until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Batteryman Solar" once per turn.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then end the Battle Phase. If Summoned this way, banish it when it leaves the field.
A cyborg with high defense power. Originally it was invented for a football machine.
A monster with tremendous power, it destroys enemies with a swing of its axe.
A bull monster often found in the woods, it charges enemy monsters with a pair of deadly horns.
At the end of the Battle Phase: You can add to your hand, 1 card from your GY that was sent there during this Battle Phase while this card was face-up on the field, except "Battle Survivor". You can only use this effect of "Battle Survivor" once per turn.
A warrior that fights with his bare hands!!!
3 Level 3 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand. You can only use the effect of "Battlecruiser Dianthus" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can Tribute any number of Warrior-Type monsters, except this card; for each Tributed monster, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
This card gains 100 ATK for each Winged Beast-Type monster you control. Once per turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. You must control 3 or more Winged Beast-Type monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower Insect monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Battlewasp" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Arbalest the Rapidfire" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  When your opponent takes damage by another "Battlewasp" monster's effect, even during the Damage Step: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow" once per turn. When a monster is destroyed by a battle involving your "Battlewasp" monster while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can banish all Insect monsters from your GY; all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 500 ATK/DEF for each of your banished Insect monsters. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this Synchro Summoned card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 3 of your banished Level 11 or lower Insect monsters.
When your "Battlewasp" monster destroys a monster that is owned by your opponent by battle: You can discard this card; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. You can target 1 other Insect monster you control; it is treated as a Tuner this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Insect monsters. You can only use each effect of "Battlewasp - Dart the Hunter" once per turn.
1 Insect Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card attacks an opponent's monster with an equal or higher ATK (Quick Effect): You can halve that opponent's monster's ATK during damage calculation only. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Battlewasp" monster you control. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Halberd the Charge" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  This card that was Synchro Summoned using a Synchro Monster as material can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. You can only use each of the following effects of "Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow" once per turn.  ● When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can have all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 1000 ATK/DEF.  ● At the end of your Battle Phase, if your opponent did not take battle damage: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each "Battlewasp" monster in your GY.
If you control an Insect monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye" you control. You can only use each effect of "Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Battlewasp" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Battlewasp - Sting the Poison". (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 other Insect monster, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Battlewasp - Sting the Poison" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Insect monsters. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker" once per turn. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster in your Graveyard, or 1 of your banished "Battlin' Boxer" monsters, that has a Level; all "Battlin' Boxer" monsters you currently control become that monster's current Level.
2 Level 3 monsters All monsters your opponent controls must attack, if able. While you control another "Battlin' Boxer" monster, your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. When an attack is declared involving another "Battlin' Boxer" monster you control: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; look at your opponent's hand, then Set 1 Spell Card from their hand to your side of the field.
During the Damage Step of either player's turn, when a "Battlin' Boxer" monster you control is attacking or being attacked: You can banish this card from your hand or Graveyard; that monster gains 1000 ATK, until the end of this turn. You can only use the effect of "Battlin' Boxer Counterpunch" once per turn.
When this card is targeted for an attack: Destroy this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster in your Graveyard, except "Battlin' Boxer Glassjaw"; add that target to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Once per turn, this face-up Attack Position card cannot be destroyed by battle.
2 Level 4 "Battlin' Boxer" monsters If a "Battlin' Boxer" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or by a card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead of destroying 1 of those monsters. When an Xyz Material(s) is detached from this card: This card gains 800 ATK.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card from your hand or Graveyard, then target 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster you control; banish it until your next Standby Phase.
During your Main Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from a "Battlin' Boxer" Xyz Monster you control, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Battlin' Boxer Shadow" once per turn.
If you control a "Battlin' Boxer" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If you do, you cannot conduct your Battle Phase for the rest of this turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except "Battlin' Boxer" monsters.
When you take battle damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, gain Life Points equal to the damage you took.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Wyrm-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target cards on the field, up to the number of different original Attributes of the Wyrm-Type monsters used for the Synchro Summon of this card; shuffle them into the Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 card you control and 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard; destroy that card on the field, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 1000 ATK for each monster your opponent controls.
Once per turn: You can banish up to 3 monsters from your Graveyard; this card gains 300 ATK for each, until the end of your opponent's turn.
This monster wraps itself around an opponent and pecks away with its huge beak.
A plant-warrior that attacks with seeds and sword.
During your opponent's turn, Set cards in your Spell & Trap Zones cannot be destroyed by card effects. If a Set card(s) in your Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: This card gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.
You can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1900. You can Tribute 3 monsters to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. If Summoned this way: Destroy all cards your opponent controls.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 Machine-Type monster and 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster from your hand, field, and/or Graveyard. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent takes no battle damage.
Only the master of the sword among the Fiend-Type monsters is permitted to hold the Talwar.   (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to Special Summon 1 "Moja" from your Deck.
1 DARK Dragon-Type monster + 1 Beast-Type monster Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card destroys a monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the Beast-Type Fusion Material used for this card's Summon.
You can Tribute this card; add 1 "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster. When you do this, the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be the correct one(s).
2 monsters  If this card is Link Summoned using 2 DARK monsters with different names as material, it gains this effect.  ● You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 face-up card on the field; place 1 Patrol Counter on it (if that card with a Patrol Counter would be destroyed by battle or card effect, remove 1 Patrol Counter from it instead). You can only use this effect of "Beat Cop from the Underworld" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Beat, Bladesman Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your Deck to your hand, except "Beat, Bladesman Fur Hire". You can only use each effect of "Beat, Bladesman Fur Hire" once per turn.
While this card is in the Main Monster Zone, negate the effects of monsters while they are in the Extra Monster Zones. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Beatraptor" from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Beatraptor" once per turn.
2 Level 6 monsters / You can also Xyz Summon this card by sending 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then using 1 "Dante" monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If Summoned this way, the following effect cannot be activated this turn. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; send 1 card from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
A rare female beast-master with a very dangerous whip.
A vicious creature that has decapitated numerous enemy monsters.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Fish-Type monster from your Deck, except "Beautunaful Princess". You can only use this effect of "Beautunaful Princess" once per turn.
What this creature lacks in size it makes up for in defense when battling in the prairie.
His battle with the Mekkstrosities never seems to end. Even when their forest was invaded by Mekkstrocious Insects, he stood his ground and inspired the other defenders around him.
You can Tribute this card and 1 face-up Insect-Type monster, except "Bee List Soldier", to draw 2 cards.
This card gains 300 ATK for each "T.A.D.P.O.L.E." in your Graveyard.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects. When you take damage from an attack involving this card, or from an opponent's card effect: This card gains ATK equal to the damage you took.
1 DARK Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Other monsters you control cannot attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; any battle damage your opponent takes from attacks involving this card this turn is halved, also, change that monster's ATK to 0, and if you do, gain LP equal to its original ATK.
You can send 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard to target 1 Level 4 or lower Insect-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. The effect of "Beetron" can only be used once per turn.
A "Black Luster Soldier" monster Ritual Summoned using this card gains these effects. You can only use this effect of "Beginning Knight" once per turn.  ● Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.  ● When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack in a row.  If this card is banished from the Graveyard: You can add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Beginning Knight" once per turn.
With an enormous maw and massive teeth, this monstrosity is one dangerous and strange serpent from the deep.
This card can be Normal Summoned or Set with 1 Tribute. In that case, the original ATK of this card becomes 2000. When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can return from your Graveyard to the owner's hand a number of Beast-Type monsters equal to the number of Tributed monsters.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Special Summon it from the Graveyard.
Your opponent cannot target any face-up monster you control, except "Belial - Marquis of Darkness", for an attack, or with Spell/Trap effects.
3 monsters, including a Token  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Bellcat Token" (Machine/WIND/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) in Defense Position.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" from your Deck to your hand.
You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon: You can look at your opponent's hand and banish 1 card from their hand until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Berlineth the Firestorm Vassal" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Magician Girl" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this card, or targets this card for an attack: You can change this card's battle position, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Magician Girl" monster from your Deck, except "Berry Magician Girl".
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "A Deal with Dark Ruler" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. During each of your End Phases, this card loses 500 ATK.
If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy this card. This card must attack if able.
2+ monsters, including a Link Monster
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Alpha The Electromagnet Warrior", "Beta The Electromagnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior" from your hand, Graveyard, and/or face-up from your Monster Zone. You can banish 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 each of your banished "Alpha The Electromagnet Warrior", "Beta The Electromagnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior"; Special Summon them.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Beta The Electromagnet Warrior". You can only use this effect of "Beta The Electromagnet Warrior" once per turn. During your opponent's turn: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck (this is a Quick Effect).
Alpha, Beta, and Gamma meld as one to form a powerful monster.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Bi'an, Earth of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Bi'an, Earth of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material cannot be destroyed by battle.
"Crass Clown" + "Dream Clown"
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster for a Synchro Summon, send the top 2 cards from your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Unicycular" from your hand or Deck.
If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster and sent to the Graveyard to activate that monster's effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower monster from your hand.
FLIP: Look at up to 5 cards from the top of your Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order.
A giant ant that dwells in the jungle, it is powerful whether attacking or defending.
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked: Banish it.
A species of huge Des Koala. He's meek, but people are afraid of him because he's very powerful.
During your Main Phase, you can send 1 Level 1 monster, except this card, from your hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributes.
During either player's turn, when this face-down card (and no other cards) is targeted by a Spell Card: Change this card to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, negate the Spell Card's activation. If this card is attacked, change it to Attack Position at the end of the Damage Step.
When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 3 Level 3 WATER monsters from your Deck. Their effects are negated.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack the turn they are Summoned.
2 Normal Monsters  This card gains these effects based on the number of monsters co-linked to this card.  ● 1+: When this card declares an attack on an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; this turn, this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, but opponent's monsters cannot be destroyed by battle with this card.  ● 2: After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can banish that opponent's monster.
2 monsters, except Tokens  This card gains these effects based on the number of monsters co-linked to this card.  ● 1+: When a monster co-linked to this card battles your opponent's monster and inflicts battle damage to them: You can gain that much LP.  ● 2: Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 2 face-up monsters you control; until the end of this turn, halve the ATK of 1 monster, and if you do, add that lost ATK to the other monster.
The mystic links of this chain can rob enemies of their power.
A monster created from a major accident in an underground lab.
A mysterious priest created as a result of the latest advances in biotechnology.
When a Machine-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard while this card is face-up on the field, you can add 1 Machine-Type monster with 1000 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.
This card gains 100 ATK and DEF for each Tuner monster in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can send 1 Tuner monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase.
When this face-up Attack Position card is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 2 Plant-Type Tuner monsters from your Deck in face-up Defense Position.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, you can add 1 "Harpie Lady" from your Deck to your hand. Then shuffle your Deck.
If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; that monster loses 300 ATK.
FLIP: Change the battle position of 1 face-up monster on the field.
During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
A new species found in electronic space. There's not much information on it.
You can send 1 Level 2 or lower monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Bitrooper" once per turn.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Attack Position, except "Bixi, Water of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Bixi, Water of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material is unaffected by Trap effects.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; change that target to face-up Defense Position.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Gemini monsters Once per turn, you can send 1 Gemini monster from your hand to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it. The Special Summoned Gemini monster is treated as an Effect Monster, and gains its effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only Special Summon "Black Dragon Collapserpent" once per turn this way. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "White Dragon Wyverburster" from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned, except with the effect of a "Ninja" monster or "Ninjitsu Art" card. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can send 1 "Ninja" monster and 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card from your hand and/or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; banish it. If this face-up card leaves the field: Special Summon as many monsters banished by this card's effect as possible to their owner's field(s).
You can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" from your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its current ATK (until the end of this turn), then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  (This card is always treated as an "Xyz Dragon" card.)  If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Black Luster Ritual".
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 monster on the field; banish that target face-up. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated. ● If this attacking card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, after damage calculation: It can make a second attack in a row.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing all LIGHT monsters or all DARK monsters from your Graveyard, while you have an equal number of each in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While face-up on the field, this card is also LIGHT-Attribute. When this card is Special Summoned: You can activate the appropriate effect, based on the Attribute of the monsters banished for the Special Summon. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. ● LIGHT: Target 1 monster on the field; banish it. ● DARK: Banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand face-down, until your opponent's End Phase.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished LIGHT or DARK monsters and 1 card your opponent controls; return that banished card to the Graveyard, and if you do, banish that card your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Black Luster Soldier - Sacred Soldier" once per turn. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Level 7 or lower Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
3 monsters with different names  If this card was Link Summoned using a Level 7 or higher monster(s) as material, your opponent cannot target it with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can activate 1 of these effects;  ● This card gains 1500 ATK.  ● This card can make a second attack during the Battle Phase of your next turn.  ● Banish 1 card on the field.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Super Soldier Ritual". If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK in the Graveyard. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard. You can only Special Summon "Black Luster Soldier - Super Soldier(s)" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Red-Eyes" monster you control, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick"; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. It gains 600 ATK. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Red-Eyes" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick".
If you control a face-up Tuner monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When a face-up Tuner monster(s) you control is removed from the field, gain 800 Life Points.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, except by being destroyed by battle: Return it to the hand.
2 Level 3 WATER monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up monster on the field; negate that target's effects until the End Phase.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can destroy all cards on the field. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls; change that target to face-up Attack Position, and if you do, its ATK becomes 0 until the end of this turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Special Summoned, or a Level 5 or higher monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field: Target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Black Rose Moonlight Dragon" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 DARK Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, but its effects are negated.
If this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: Change this card to Defense Position.
If the only cards your opponent controls are Defense Position monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly.
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, this card gains 400 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card is attacked by an opponent's monster, this card loses 400 ATK during the Damage Step only.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If you would take damage from a card effect, place 1 Black Feather Counter on this card instead. This card loses 700 ATK for each Black Feather Counter on it. Once per turn: You can remove all Black Feather Counters on this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses 700 ATK for each Black Feather Counter you removed, and if it does, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK lost by this effect.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, when you take damage: You can send up to 5 cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, then if any monsters were sent to the Graveyard by this effect, this card gains 400 ATK.
A dragon that dwells in the depths of darkness, its vulnerability lies in its poor eyesight.
Cannot be Special Summoned. This card cannot destroy monsters by battle. If this card battles a monster, after damage calculation: Return that monster to the hand. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can have this card lose exactly 1000 ATK, and if you do, return all cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone to the hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 face-up monsters you control (1 "Blackwing" Tuner and 1 non-Tuner) and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck; until the End Phase, this card's name and original ATK become that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects.
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" monsters; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can banish this card from your GY, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● Place Black Feather Counters on 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" you control equal to the number of cards your opponent controls.  ● Place 1 Wedge Counter on as many face-up monsters your opponent controls as possible (max. 1).
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position.
If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Bora the Spear", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
During your Main Phase 1: You can banish this card from the Graveyard, then target 1 "Blackwing" monster you control; if that monster attacks this turn, you take no battle damage from that attack, it is not destroyed by that battle, also destroy the opponent's monster that it battled, after damage calculation.
If this card is added from your Deck to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Blackwing" monster.
If 2 or more face-up "Blackwing" monsters you control were destroyed this turn, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Gain 600 LP.
During your opponent's Battle Phase, if you control no monsters: You can banish this card from the Graveyard, then target 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, but banish it at the end of the Battle Phase (this is a Quick Effect).
During either player's turn: You can discard this card to target 1 "Blackwing" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK until the End Phase.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: Take 1000 damage. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Blackwing" monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Increase its Level by 1. ● Reduce its Level by 1. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind" once per turn.
If you control a "Blackwing" monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; change that target's battle position.
If a "Blackwing" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, and your opponent still controls that monster at the end of the Damage Step: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change that target to Defense Position.
If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target's ATK and DEF become half its current ATK and DEF.
When your opponent declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can switch the original ATK and DEF of this card, until the end of this turn.
If the only face-up monster you control is 1 "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control no monsters. When this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can Special Summon 2 "Vague Shadow Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), but they cannot be Tributed or be used as Synchro Material. You can banish this card and 1 or more face-up non-Tuners you control, then target 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster in your Graveyard whose Level equals the total Levels the banished monsters had on the field; Special Summon it, and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Must first be Synchro Summoned. When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower non-Tuner "Blackwing" monster from your hand, but its effects are negated.
If you control no cards, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If your opponent's monster attacks a "Blackwing" monster you control, the attacking monster loses 300 ATK during the Damage Step only.
If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust" once per turn this way. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 other "Blackwing" monster you control; increase this card's Level by that monster's.
When you take 2000 or more Battle Damage from your opponent's monster's direct attack while this card is in the Graveyard, you can select 1 Level 3 or lower "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster and this card from the Graveyard. Their effects are negated. Each player can only use the effect of "Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind" once per Duel.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster on the field; this card's ATK becomes that monster's current ATK, until the end of this turn.
During damage calculation, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to prevent a "Blackwing" monster you control from being destroyed by this battle.
If this card battles with a monster with DEF equal to or less than this card's ATK, destroy that monster immediately with this card's effect (without applying damage calculation).
During either player's Damage Step, when a "Blackwing" monster you control is attacking or being attacked: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster gains 1400 ATK until the end of this turn.
If this card was Special Summoned, it cannot be used as a Synchro Material.
When a face-up "Blackwing" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When a monster is Synchro Summoned using this card as a Synchro Material, the opponent of this card's owner cannot activate cards or effects.
If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn" once per turn this way. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects.
If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Reduce the next battle damage you would take this turn to 0.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Special Summoned: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent, then 1 face-up monster your opponent controls loses 800 ATK and DEF. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight" once per turn. During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "Blackwing" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
If you control a "Blackwing" monster other than "Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster: You can target 1 monster on the field; change that target's battle position.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there from the field this turn: You can add 1 "Blackwing" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon". You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon" once per turn.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, but its effects are negated.
1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field with DEF lower than this card's ATK; destroy those targets. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. During each of your opponent's turns, the first "Blackwing" monster you control that would be destroyed by battle, is not destroyed.
If you control no monsters: You can banish 1 other "Blackwing" monster from your hand; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters, also place 1 "Black Whirlwind" from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone, then, immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon this card without Tributing or send it to the GY. During the End Phase, send the "Black Whirlwind" placed by this effect to the GY, and if you do, take 1000 damage. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can target 1 "Blackwing" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to the total ATK of all "Blackwing" monsters currently on the field, except itself. Monsters other than the targeted monster cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
If this face-up card leaves the field: Special Summon 1 "Steam Token" (Aqua-Type/WIND/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100). If this card is in your Graveyard: You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Steam the Cloak" once per Duel. If this card Summoned this way is used as a Synchro Material Monster, all other Synchro Material Monsters must be "Blackwing" monsters.
When this card is Normal Summoned while your opponent controls a Special Summoned monster: You can target 1 "Blackwing" Tuner in your Graveyard; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Blackwing" monsters, also Special Summon that monster, but its effects are negated.
This face-up card on the field cannot be used as a Synchro Material. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can target 1 non-Tuner "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard; banish both this card and that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blackwing" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels of the banished monsters, but its effects are negated.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can return 1 face-up card you control to the hand; Special Summon this card, and if you do, take 400 damage. You can only use this effect of "Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite" once per Duel.
1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, it gains 500 ATK during the Damage Step only, also inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Cannot be destroyed by battle, and you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a monster: You can place 1 Wedge Counter on that monster (max. 1). You can remove all Wedge Counters from your opponent's monsters; the ATK and DEF of those monsters that had Wedge Counters become 0 until the end of this turn.
1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Unaffected by other cards' effects. Each time a monster your opponent controls activates its effect, place 1 Wedge Counter on that opponent's monster (max. 1) after that effect resolves. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with a Wedge Counter; take control of it. Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can destroy all monsters on the field with a Wedge Counter.
1 "Blackwing" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Blackwing" monsters You can target 1 Level 5 or higher Winged Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets only this card, or when your opponent targets this card for an attack: You can target 1 other "Blackwing" monster you control that would be an appropriate target; that card/effect/attack now targets the new target. You can only use each effect of "Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe" once per turn.
2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 "Ninja" monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
Once per turn, if this card attacks and your opponent controls a monster at the end of the Damage Step: You can discard 1 card; this card can attack an opponent's monster once again during this Battle Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 "Cubic" monsters you control to the Graveyard. If Summoned this way, this card gains 2000 ATK. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target up to 3 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth" from your Deck to your hand.
While you have 1 or less cards in your hand, this card gains 400 ATK. If you control no other monsters, the effects of Flip monsters destroyed by battle with this card are negated.
When this card is changed from Attack Position to face-up Defense Position, destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field.
An image of beauty on the ice, this gorgeous warrior rips her opponents into pieces with her stylish Accel Slicer attack.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all WIND monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all EARTH monsters by 400 points.
If any Spell or Trap Card(s) are Chained, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
You can only activate this effect during your Standby Phase. Tribute this face-up card to select and destroy 2 face-up monsters with an ATK 1000 or less.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. You can remove any number of Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field with ATK less than or equal to the number of counters you removed x 700; destroy that target.
If this face-down Defense Position card was attacked by an opponent's monster, before damage calculation: Equip this card to the attacking monster. Then, during your opponent's next Standby Phase: Destroy the monster this card is equipped to, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK the destroyed monster had on the field.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish a total of 2 FIRE and/or Dragon-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon this card. During your opponent's End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Return it to the hand. You can discard this card and 1 FIRE monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target. If this card is banished: You can add 1 FIRE Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Blaster, Dragon Ruler of Infernos" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card on the field. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard, except "Blazewing Butterfly"; Special Summon that target, and if you do, it becomes an Effect Monster, and gains its effect.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 FIRE monster (except this card) to Special Summon 1 FIRE monster from your hand. The monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed if "Blazing Hiita" is removed from your side of the field.
A wicked wooden spirit now burning in flames. Its fire attack is powerful, but it will soon be nothing but ashes.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, control of this card cannot switch.
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; it cannot change its battle position or declare an attack until the end of your opponent's next turn.
If this card's current ATK is higher than its original ATK: You can inflict 1500 damage to your opponent. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. You can only use the effect of "Blizzard Falcon" once per turn.
You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Spellcaster-Type monster. After this card was Normal Summoned, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards for the rest of that turn.
You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 2 WATER Winged-Beast-Type monsters, 1 from your hand and 1 from your Graveyard, except "Blizzard Thunderbird", then return this card from the field to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Blizzard Thunderbird" once per turn.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, look at the top card of their Deck, then return it to either the top or bottom of their Deck.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 3 EARTH monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Rock-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed, except by battle. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add up to 3 Rock-Type monsters from your Deck to your hand, whose total Levels equal 8. You can only use this effect of "Block Dragon" once per turn.
If all the monsters in your Graveyard are EARTH: You can Tribute this card to target 2 Level 4 or lower Rock-Type monsters in your Graveyard, except "Block Golem"; Special Summon those targets, but their effects that activate on the field cannot be activated this turn.
Your opponent cannot target Insect-Type monsters for attacks, except this one. If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Block Spider" from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Block Spider" once per turn.
Constructed from several components, this monster can launch them in a pincer attack.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon in Defense Position, a number of "Block Tokens" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1500) equal to the number of your turns this card has been face-up on your field. These Tokens cannot declare an attack.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card your opponent controls. Each time your opponent Sets a Spell or Trap Card(s): Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, send the top card of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
1 "Melodious Maestra" monster + 1 "Melodious" monster Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. If this card battles a Special Summoned monster, after damage calculation: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between the original ATK of that opponent's monster and this card, and if you do, destroy that opponent's monster.
1 "Melodious Maestra" monster + 1 or more "Melodious" monsters This card gains 300 ATK for each Fusion Material used for its Fusion Summon. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this Fusion Summoned card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; toss a coin 3 times and destroy that target if at least 2 of the results are heads.
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can discard 1 "Ninja" monster and 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; this turn, that monster's effects are negated, also that monster cannot attack.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Dragon, Warrior, or Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. When this card on the field is destroyed: Banish 1 random card from the controller's hand, face-down, until the next turn's Standby Phase. You can only control 1 face-up "Blue Duston".
Once per turn, during either player's Battle Phase: You can target 1 other Warrior-Type monster you control; this card loses exactly 600 ATK, and if it does, that monster gains 600 ATK. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. When you Normal Summon a Warrior-Type monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Black Rose Dragon" or 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Special Summon 1 "Thunder Option Token" (Machine-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1500/DEF 1500). This Token cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: It is changed to Defense Position. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material you control to target 1 Level 4 Zombie-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
The beams from the eyes of this creature are said to turn enemies into zombies.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon"  Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls, or up to 3 instead if this card was Fusion Summoned using a monster whose original name is "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" as material; destroy them. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by revealing "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" in your hand. You can only Special Summon "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" once per turn this way. This card's name becomes "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". Must be Ritual Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. When this card Ritual Summoned using "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" declares an attack: You can change the battle position of as many monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, the ATK/DEF of the ones changed by this effect become 0, also if this card attacks a Defense Position monster this turn, inflict piercing battle damage.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". Must be Ritual Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted, or destroyed by, your opponent's card effects. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict double piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by Tributing 1 "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets this card (except during the Damage Step): You can negate that effect.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can shuffle this card into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Blue-Eyes" monsters Neither player can Special Summon 2 or more monsters at the same time. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when an effect of a card in the Graveyard is activated: You can negate the activation. During either player's turn: You can Tribute this Synchro Summoned card; Special Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck in Defense Position, except "Blue-Eyes Spirit Dragon", but destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 2 monsters, while you control "Toon World". Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 LP to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. Can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon monster, in which case this card must target a Toon monster for its attacks.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by sending the above monsters you control to the Graveyard (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle. This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. At the end of the Damage Step, when this card attacks an opponent's monster, but the opponent's monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent's monster.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon"
This legendary dragon is a powerful engine of destruction. Virtually invincible, very few have faced this awesome creature and lived to tell the tale.
With hair shaped like a crown and a body encased in bluish white flames, this bird is a formidable sight.
Once per turn: You can target 1 DARK Machine monster you control and 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy them. If a monster you control that was originally a DARK Machine destroys an opponent's monster(s) by battle or card effect and sends it to the GY: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of 1 of those monster(s) destroyed and sent to the GY. You can only use this effect of "BM-4 Blast Spider" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned, destroy this card. If your opponent controls 1 or more monsters, decrease the ATK of this card by 1000 points.
A freight car that is exclusively for Dekoichi. It can transport anything, but most cargo arrives broken.
After rendering an opponent immobile by spitting a sticky goo, this monster closes in for the attack.
With each arm forming an electric whip, this monster paralyzes its enemies with electric shocks.
FLIP: Pick up and see 1 face-down Defense Position Monster Card on your opponent's side of the field. If it is an Effect Monster, destroy it (its Flip Effect is not activated), and if the card is not, return it to its original position.
When this card is Special Summoned from your Graveyard by the effect of a Zombie-Type monster: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. During the End Phase of the turn this card was Special Summoned: Destroy it.
A mouse that has returned as a zombie to seek revenge on cats.
This monster wanders the seas, sucking dry any creatures it may encounter.
If you control a FIRE monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Special Summoned: Target 2 FIRE monsters you control; destroy those targets.
Cannot be Normal or Special Summoned if you control a monster. You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. If another monster(s) is Summoned to your field while you control this monster: Destroy this card.
A book-like wizard with a wealth of magic written inside.
If you control a face-up Tuner monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-up Defense Position. All Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.
2 "Rokket" monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK/DEF. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 other Dragon monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Booster Dragon" once per turn.
When a Cyberse monster is Normal Summoned to your field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Boot Staggered" once per turn. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 "Stag Token" (Cyberse/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 "Gadget" Monster Cards from your hand and/or face-up field to the GY. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects while you control a "Gadget" monster or a "Gadget" Monster Card equipped to a monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 other card on the field; destroy it.
You can target up to 2 Machine "Gadget" monsters you control or in your GY with different names; Special Summon this card from your hand, then equip those targets to this card (regardless of their Types). You can only use this effect of "Boot-Up Corporal - Command Dynamo" once per turn. Gains 1000 ATK for each monster equipped to this card by this effect.
While you control a "Gadget" monster, this card gains 2000 ATK.
3+ Effect Monsters  Cannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn: You can send 1 card from your Spell & Trap Zone to the GY; Special Summon from either GY to your field, 1 monster that was destroyed and sent there this turn, but negate its effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
3+ Effect Monsters  Neither player can target this card with monster effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 500 ATK/DEF. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks an opponent's monster: You can place that opponent's monster in a zone this card points to and take control of it, but send it to the GY during the End Phase of the next turn.
2 Level 4 DARK Dragon monsters  Neither player can target this Xyz Summoned card with other monsters' effects. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon other monsters or attack directly for the rest of this turn, also the targeted monster loses 600 ATK/DEF, then you can Special Summon 1 "Borrel" monster from your GY, but banish it during the End Phase.
2 DARK Dragon monsters  (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 DARK Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only use each effect of "Borreload Furious Dragon" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can equip 1 Link Monster from your GY to this card, and if you do, place Borrel Counters on this card equal to that card's Link Rating. This card gains ATK equal to half that equipped monster's. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 Borrel Counter from this card; negate the activation. You can only use this effect of "Borreload Savage Dragon" once per turn.
3+ Effect Monsters  Cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Attack Position monster; change it to Defense Position, also this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Once per turn, when this card declares an attack on a face-up monster: You can make this card gain ATK equal to half that monster's ATK, and if you do, that monster's ATK becomes half its current ATK. These changes last until the end of this turn.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Plant-Type monster with 1000 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.
This card gains 300 ATK for each face-up Plant-Type monster you control. Control of this face-up card on the field cannot switch.
This is one sea creature whose wrath is something monsters fear to face.
A stone turtle that is nearly indestructible.
Each time a Counter Trap Card is activated, draw 1 card immediately after it resolves.
During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict 600 damage to your opponent.
If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon from your Deck, 2 Normal Monsters with different names whose ATK or DEF is 0, in face-up Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Box of Friends" once per turn. Monsters Special Summoned by this effect cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, also they are destroyed during your next End Phase.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can place 1 counter on this card. You can send this card with 2 or more counters to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 EARTH monster from your Deck. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can remove 1 counter from this card instead.
You take any battle damage your opponent would have taken from battles involving this card, instead. If this card battles, is not destroyed, and you took damage from that battle: Return this card to the hand.
"Two-Headed King Rex" + "Crawling Dragon #2"
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard this turn while you controlled it: You can target 1 of those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Effects of face-up LIGHT monsters are negated. If this card destroys a LIGHT monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
FLIP: Equip this card to a monster on your opponent's side of the field and treat it as an Equip Card. Take control of the equipped monster. Your opponent gains 500 Life Points during each of their Standby Phases.
Armed with a mass of scissors, this monster can clip an enemy into any desired shape and size.
1 "Pendulum Dragon" monster + 1 Warrior-Type monster  When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can change the ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls to 0, also for the rest of this turn, other monsters you control cannot attack. Negate the activated effects of monsters with 0 ATK. At the end of the Damage Step, when this card attacks an opponent's monster, but the opponent's monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish that opponent's monster.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Bravo, Fighter Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can have all monsters "Fur Hire" currently on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Bravo, Fighter Fur Hire" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 2 Spell Counters on it. If this card is Pendulum Summoned: Place 3 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 400 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it (max. 1). This card gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material, until the end of this turn, the Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material gains 600 ATK, but its effects are negated.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; increase that target's Level by 2 until the end of this turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 WATER monster in your GY; this card gains ATK equal to that monster's ATK until the end of this turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 WATER monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Brinegir" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  You can discard any number of cards to the Graveyard, then target the same number of cards your opponent controls; return those cards to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Brohunder".
Once per turn, when this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell Card directly from your Deck. Once per turn: You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a FIRE monster. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Fire Fist" monster from your Deck, except "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Boar". Once per turn, when a "Fire Fist" monster is Special Summoned from your Extra Deck: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell Card directly from your Deck.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send a total of 2 "Fire Fist" / "Fire Formation" cards from your hand and/or face-up on your side of the field to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Buffalo" once per turn.
2 Level 4 "Fire Fist" monsters You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 2 "Fire Fist" / "Fire Formation" cards in your Graveyard and/or face-up on your side of the field, and 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard and/or face-up on their side of the field; shuffle those targets into the Deck. You can only use the effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Cardinal" once per turn.
During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed by a card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Fire Fist" monster from your Deck, except "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Caribou". If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a "Fire Fist" monster: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell Card directly from your Deck.
If you control a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card, and no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
Once per turn, if you activate a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Trap Card directly from your Deck. Once per turn: You can send 2 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Fire Fist" monster in your Graveyard, except "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Dragon"; Special Summon that target.
2 Beast-Warrior monsters  You can only Special Summon "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle(s)" once per turn. You can activate the effects of "Fire Fist" monsters without sending "Fire Fist" or "Fire Formation" cards from your hand or field to the GY. You can target 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control or in your GY; return it to your hand, then send 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eagle" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Fire Formation - Domei". You can discard 1 monster; Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck or GY. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can send 1 face-up "Fire Fist" or "Fire Formation" card you control to the GY, except "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eland"; negate that effect. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Eland" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your hand, except "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Elephant". You can target 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, then you can add 1 Level 5 or higher "Fire Fist" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Elephant" once per turn.
Once per turn, when this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell Card directly from your Deck. Once per turn: You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect): You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell Card directly from your Deck. While you control a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card, all "Fire Fist" monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF.
1 FIRE Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 FIRE monster from your Deck. After you Synchro Summon this card, you cannot Special Summon Level 5 or higher monsters for the rest of this turn.
1 FIRE Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Fire Fist" monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck. All monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for each face-up Spell/Trap Card you control.
During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can Tribute 1 "Fire Fist" monster; Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Leopard" once per turn.
2 Level 3 FIRE monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 FIRE monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, but you cannot Normal or Special Summon that monster, or a monster with the same name, for the rest of this turn.
If you activate a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your GY, except "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda", also, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Fire Fist" monsters. If a "Fire Fist" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by an opponent's card effect, you can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control to the GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Panda" once per turn.
2 "Fire Fist" monsters  While this card points to a "Fire Fist" monster, your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. When this card declares an attack: You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control to the GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; place that opponent's monster in a zone this card points to and take control of it until the End Phase, but it cannot declare an attack this turn. You can only use this effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Peacock" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control; Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap with a different name directly from your Deck. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Fire Fist" monster: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck, with a different name from the cards in your GY. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Ram" once per turn.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell Card directly from your Deck. "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
If a "Fire Fist" monster you control attacks or is attacked, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card you control and 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your hand to the Graveyard once per battle; your attacking/attacked monster gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster sent to the Graveyard, during damage calculation only.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Fire Fist" monster: You can add 1 "Fire Fist" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Rooster" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.
Once per turn, if a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card(s) is sent to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Trap Card directly from your Deck. Once per turn, if you control no other monsters: You can send 2 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard; draw 1 card.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a Beast-Warrior-Type monster. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 FIRE monster with 200 or less DEF in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, and if you do, monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn, except Beast-Warrior-Type monsters. You can only use this effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Spirit" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 3 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Trap Card directly from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Swallow" once per turn. Face-up Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control cannot be targeted by your opponent's card effects.
2 Beast-Warrior monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can send 1 face-up "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap you control to the GY, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Brotherhood of the Fire Fist - Swan" once per turn.
2 Level 4 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of all face-up Effect Monsters currently on the field, except Beast-Warrior-Type, until the end of your opponent's turn. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can send 3 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon 2 Level 4 or lower Beast-Warrior-Type monsters with the same ATK from your Deck, in face-up Defense Position.
If this card is flipped face-up: You can Set 1 "Fire Formation" Trap Card directly from your Deck, then, if this card was Flip Summoned, you can also Set 1 "Fire Formation" Spell Card directly from your Deck.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Draw 1 card, plus another card if this card was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can discard 1 card.
When a FIRE monster is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Send 1 FIRE monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Send 1 FIRE monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use 1 "Brushfire Knight" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
2 Effect Monsters  You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; your opponent can discard 1 card with the same original card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap) as that face-up card to negate this effect, otherwise destroy that face-up card. You can only use this effect of "Brute Enforcer" once per turn.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 "Bubonic Vermin" from your Deck in face-down Defense Position. Then shuffle your Deck.
If a "Bujin" monster in your Graveyard or face-up on your side of the field is banished (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-up Defense Position. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if a "Bujin" card was added from your Deck to your hand this turn, except by drawing it, while you controlled this face-up card: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card. You can only control 1 "Bujin Arasuda".
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can banish this card in your Pendulum Zone, then target 1 "Bujin" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Bujin" Xyz Monster with a different name, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Imprisoned after a showdown with "Bujin Hirume" over the Sky Throne, this master schemer eventually escaped by manipulating Hirume and creating the sinister "Bujinki Amaterasu", then went on to almost engulf the world in darkness, but was finally defeated by Yamato and his allies.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Bujin" monster from your Graveyard, except "Bujin Hirume". If this card, which was Summoned this way, is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect), and sent from your side of the field to your Graveyard, and both players have a hand: You can discard 1 card, then your opponent discards 1 card. You can only control 1 "Bujin Hirume".
When a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if a "Bujin" monster(s) was sent from your hand to your Graveyard this turn while you controlled this face-up card: You can add 1 "Bujin" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only control 1 "Bujin Mikazuchi".
Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can add 1 "Bujin" monster from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. You can only control 1 "Bujin Yamato".
If you control a "Bujin" monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change it to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, its DEF becomes 0 until the end of this turn.
If you control a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Centipede" once per turn.
During damage calculation (in either player's turn), if a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; the ATK of your monster becomes double its original ATK, during that damage calculation only.
When a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control is targeted for an attack by an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the attack, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the attacker's ATK. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Crow" once per turn.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard and send 1 "Bujin" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; you take no damage this turn.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control; once during this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Hare" once per turn.
During your Main Phase 1: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Bujin" monster you control; this turn, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
During your Main Phase 1: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Bujin" monster you control; it can attack your opponent directly this turn.
When a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Bujin" monster from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Pavo" once per turn.
During your Main Phase 2: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 "Bujin" monster from your Deck to your hand. You cannot activate cards or effects the turn you activate this effect, except "Bujin" cards. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Peacock" once per turn.
If you control a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy that target. You can only use the effect of "Bujingi Quilin" once per turn.
When a "Bujin" monster you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; destroy that opponent's monster.
During either player's Damage Step, if a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; that monster you control gains ATK equal to the current ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling until the end of the Damage Step, and if it does, all battle damage your opponent takes from that battle is halved. You can only use this effect of "Bujingi Sinyou" once per turn.
During your Main Phase 1: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Bujin" monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Other monsters cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Bujin" monster you control (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate that effect.
While this card is in face-up Defense Position, other "Bujin" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Other Beast, Beast-Warrior, and Winged Beast-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
3 Level 4 monsters You can only control 1 "Bujinki Amaterasu". Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; apply this effect, depending on whose turn it is. ● Your turn: Target 1 of your banished Level 4 or lower monsters; Special Summon that target. ● Your opponent's turn: Target 1 of your banished Level 4 or lower monsters; add that target to your hand.
2 Level 4 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: Send the top 5 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard (or your entire Deck, if less than 5), also this card gains 100 ATK for each "Bujin" card sent to the Graveyard by this effect. If a "Bujin" Beast-Warrior-Type monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or by card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead of destroying 1 of those monsters. You can only control 1 "Bujintei Kagutsuchi".
2 Level 4 "Bujin" monsters This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; take 1 "Bujin" monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or send it to the Graveyard. You can only control 1 "Bujintei Susanowo".
2 Level 4 LIGHT monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; send your entire hand to the GY (min. 1), and if you do, draw 2 cards. When this card you controlled while face-up leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can target Level 4 Beast-Warrior "Bujin" monsters in your GY, up to the number of Xyz Materials this card had on the field; Special Summon those targets. You can only control 1 "Bujintei Tsukuyomi".
When an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; during this battle involving this monster, neither player takes any battle damage, also destroy the opponent's monster after damage calculation.
This rabbit's got a sweet tooth! He's on a quest for the world's sweetest carrot, and just wants to nibble carrots all day today, tomorrow, and the day after that!
A sly rat. He will come at you with his huge left claw.
You can discard this card AND 1 Dragon-Type or FIRE monster; Special Summon 1 "Blaster, Dragon Ruler of Infernos" from your Deck. It cannot attack this turn. You can only use the effect of "Burner, Dragon Ruler of Sparks" once per turn.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard, increase your opponent's Life Points by 1000 points.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Freezing Beast" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, each time the equipped monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, destroy 1 face-up Spell or Trap Card on the field. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
When this card is Special Summoned from your hand, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can remove from play this face-up card you control to return 1 removed from play "Skull Flame" to its owner's Graveyard.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "@Ignister" monster from your Deck to the GY. If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Synchro Summon of a Cyberse monster: You can target 1 monster in your GY that was used as material for that Synchro Summon, except "Bururu @Ignister"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Bururu @Ignister" once per turn.
This card gains 500 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls or is in their Graveyard.
This card's name becomes "Buster Blader" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard. If a monster(s) your opponent controls is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of those destroyed monsters; equip it to this card. Once per turn: You can send 1 Monster Card you control that is equipped to this card to the Graveyard; destroy all monsters your opponent controls with the same Type as that monster sent to the Graveyard.
1 "Buster Blader" + 1 Dragon-Type monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot attack directly. This card gains 1000 ATK and DEF for each Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls or is in their Graveyard. Change all Dragon-Type monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position, also Dragon-Type monsters in your opponent's possession cannot activate their effects. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, the equipped monster loses 500 ATK and DEF. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Destroy all face-up monsters on the field with the same Monster Type as the destroyed monster. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters All monsters your opponent controls become Dragon-Type. Once per turn, if you do not control a "Buster Blader" monster: You can target 1 "Buster Blader" in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 "Buster Blader" monster you control; equip it with 1 "Destruction Sword" monster from your Graveyard (this is a Quick Effect).
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 "Cubic" monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If Summoned this way, this card gains 3000 ATK. This card can make a second and third attack during each Battle Phase. If this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can target up to 3 "Cubic" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Cubic" card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Destruction Sword" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Buster Whelp of the Destruction Swordsman". You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Buster Whelp of the Destruction Swordsman" per turn, and only once that turn. ● You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Buster Blader" from your hand or Graveyard. ● If this card is in your Graveyard and you control "Buster Blader": You can discard 1 "Destruction Sword" card; Special Summon this card.
During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from the Graveyard to target 1 face-up Level 4 or lower LIGHT Fairy-Type monster you control; it is treated as a Tuner monster while face-up on the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned, or Special Summoned, return all Set cards on the field to their owner's respective hands.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card is unaffected by your opponent's Trap effects, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Union monster from your hand.
Once per turn: You can shuffle 2 "Gusto" monsters from your Graveyard into the Main Deck; draw 1 card.
Cannot be Special Summoned. While another Plant monster is on the field, neither player can Special Summon monsters.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, Special Summon 1 "Needle Token" (Plant/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 500/DEF 500) to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Cagna, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can send 1 "Burning Abyss" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to the Graveyard.
2 Level 4 monsters During either player's turn, when another card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card on the field (and no other cards): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target another card on the field that would be an appropriate target for that card/effect; that card/effect now targets the new target.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 card on the field; banish it, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent, then, if it is a DARK Monster Card, banish all cards with that name from the hand, Main Deck, Extra Deck, and GY of the player who controlled it. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a DARK monster, add this additional effect.  ●You can target 2 cards, instead.
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 card on the field; banish that target, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent if it is a DARK monster.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Calcab, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field; return that target to the hand.
If you control a DARK monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Caligo Claw Crow" once per turn this way.
If this card attacks a face-up monster on the field, at the start of the Damage Step: Destroy that monster. Its DEF must be higher than this card's ATK to activate and to resolve this effect.
Decides the fate of an opponent when the candle on its fingertip burns out.
Once per turn, if this card battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can send 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the sent monster's Level x 100, until the end of the Battle Phase.
You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
You can Tribute 2 monsters to inflict 1500 damage to your opponent.
While "Umi" is face-up on the field, this card is unaffected by any Spell Cards.
If you control a "Melodious" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Canon the Melodious Diva" once per turn this way. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster you control; change its battle position.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 other Cyberse monster you control; while this face-up monster is on the field, that monster gains 800 ATK. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the GY: Each player takes 800 damage. You can only use this effect of "Capacitor Stalker" once per turn.
You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Capshell" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● If this card is Tributed: You can draw 1 card.  ● If this card is used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, or Link Summon: You can draw 1 card.  ● If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster to activate that monster's effect: You can draw 1 card.
Once per turn, you can select 2 "Ice Barrier" monsters in your Graveyard. Return the selected monsters to the Deck and each player draws 1 card.
If this card battles a FIRE monster, during damage calculation: This card gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon, from your hand or Deck, 1 Level 7 or lower Dragon-Type Normal Monster in face-up Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Carboneddon" once per turn.
When this card is Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. When a face-up monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can change the target to this card. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can choose a number from 1 to 3, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; this card gains 500 DEF for each card sent, until the End Phase.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned, in face-up Attack Position, by sending 1 card from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 1 Guard Counter on it. This card gains 300 ATK for each Guard Counter on it. Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; remove 1 Guard Counter from this card, and if you do, place 1 Guard Counter on that target (if that card would ever be destroyed, remove 1 Guard Counter from it instead).
Once per turn: You can choose a number from 1 to 3, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the GY; this card gains 500 ATK for each card sent to the GY this way, until the end of this turn. If this card you control is destroyed and sent to your GY: Draw 1 card.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During your Main Phase 1, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can Tribute this card; draw 2 cards, then it becomes the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect.
When an opponent activates a card's effect that targets and destroys a Spell or Trap Card(s) you control, you can discard 1 card to negate its activation and destroy the card.
2 Level 4 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position. You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 other face-up card on the field; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use 1 "Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, if this card is in face-up Attack Position, you can Tribute 1 Level 5 or lower monster to inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.
FLIP: All Zombie-Type monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF. During each of your next 4 Standby Phases, each of those Zombie-Type monsters gains 200 more ATK and DEF. These effects last as long as this card is face-up on the field.
2 Level 2 monsters While this card has an Xyz Material attached that was originally WATER, it cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Rank 4 or lower Xyz Monster you control; its ATK and DEF each become double its original ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.
The original ATK of your opponent's monster(s) that battles with this card during his/her turn becomes 200 points during the Damage Step.
If a face-up EARTH monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, you can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Cataclysmic Cheerful Calcragra" once per turn.
If a face-up WIND monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, you can place 1 Spell/Trap from the field on the top of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Cataclysmic Cryonic Coldo" once per turn.
If a face-up FIRE monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK of 1 of those destroyed FIRE monsters in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Cataclysmic Scorching Sunburner" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the Tributed monster's ATK on the field.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Junk" monster; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 Level 3 or higher monster you control; reduce its Level by 2, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Catche Eve L2" once per turn.
This card cannot be attacked if there is another Beast-Type monster on your side of the field. Once per turn, you can make the DEF of 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field 0 until the end of this turn.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), you can remove from play 1 monster with ? ATK from your Graveyard to destroy that Special Summoned monster(s).
You can target 1 "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap you control; once, until the end of the next turn, that card cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If you control an "Evil Eye" monster other than "Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye", while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Catoblepas, Familiar of the Evil Eye" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned while you control a monster. This card cannot declare an attack unless you control another Dragon-Type monster.
When you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing a "Lightsworn" monster: You can send the top 4 cards of your Deck to the GY, then target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy those targets.
1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster  When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon up to 4 Level 2 non-Tuner monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard in Defense Position, but they have their effects negated, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Celestial Double Star Shaman" once per turn.
2+ Fairy monsters  You can discard 1 card; add 1 "The Sanctuary in the Sky" or 1 card that specifically lists the card "The Sanctuary in the Sky" in its text from your Deck to your hand. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, you can add 1 Fairy monster instead. If a face-up Fairy monster(s) you control is sent to the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can banish 1 Fairy monster from your GY; Special Summon 1 Fairy monster with a higher Level than the banished monster from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Celestial Knight Lord Parshath" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 2400 ATK.
Cannot attack while you have any cards in your hand. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Celtic Guard" monster from your hand. When this attacking card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Celtic Guard" monsters you control.
An elf who learned to wield a sword, he baffles enemies with lightning-swift attacks.
Cannot be used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon. If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in your opponent's Main Monster Zone; give your opponent control of this Defense Position card by moving it to their zone adjacent to the target, then if your opponent controls exactly 2 “Centerfrog” in the Main Monster Zone, gain control of all monsters in between those 2 cards.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, both players must show their respective hands.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Rebirth of Nephthys". You can only use each of the following effects of "Cerulean Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys" once per turn.  ● During your Main Phase: You can destroy "Nephthys" cards in your hand and/or face-up field, then destroy an equal number of monsters your opponent controls.  ● During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from the GY.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Defense Position. When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dark World" card: Your opponent must discard 1 card.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a Beast-Type monster. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, banish it when it leaves the field. You must control exactly 2 Beast-Type monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned while a Synchro Monster is on the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Resonator" monster from your Deck, except "Chain Resonator".
This card can attack 1 additional time during the same Battle Phase for each "Chain Thrasher" in your Graveyard.
At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked or was attacked: Your opponent draws 1 card.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Resurrection of Chakra".
The Six Samurai are supported from the shadows by this silent and mysterious warrior. His past is unknown to them, but his countless scars are proof of his experience.
A slime that can morph and adopt the shape and size of any monster it chooses.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon, select 1 monster your opponent controls and change its battle position.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  While this Synchro Summoned card is on the field, your opponent cannot activate effects of monsters with the same original Attribute(s) as the "Yang Zing" monster(s) used for the Synchro Summon of this card. When this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Tuner monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, when a monster(s) your opponent controls is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck, in Defense Position, whose original Attribute matches the original Attribute that 1 of those destroyed monsters had on the field.
4 "Ancient Gear" monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Unaffected by Spell/Trap effects. Your opponent's monsters cannot activate their effects during the Battle Phase. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY, except "Chaos Betrayer"; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent's GY; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Chaos Betrayer" once per turn.
Negate the effect of a Monster Card that targets this 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 LIGHT and/or DARK monsters from your GY. When Summoned this way: You can apply this effect, based on the Attribute(s) of the monsters banished for the Special Summon, also this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn.  ●Only LIGHT: Special Summon 1 monster from your GY in Defense Position.  ●Only DARK: Shuffle 1 random card from your opponent's hand into the Deck.  ●Both LIGHT and DARK: Destroy up to 2 cards on the field.  You can only use this effect of "Chaos Dragon Levianeer" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY. Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP; send as many cards in both players' hands and on the field as possible to the GY, then inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card sent to the opponent's GY by this effect. You cannot activate other cards or effects during the turn you activate this card's effect.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 of your banished Dragon monsters; destroy this card, and if you do, add that monster to your hand. You can only use this Effect of "Chaos Emperor, the Dragon of Armageddon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Extra Deck) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY. You can only Special Summon "Chaos Emperor, the Dragon of Armageddon" once per turn this way. Once per turn: You can pay half your LP; send as many cards you control as possible to the GY, except from the Extra Monster Zone, and if you do, send cards your opponent controls to the GY, up to the number of your cards sent to the GY, then, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each of their cards sent to the GY by this effect. If this face-up Special Summoned card leaves the field, return it on the bottom of the Deck.
1 LIGHT Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner DARK monsters Once per turn, you can send 1 LIGHT monster from your hand to the Graveyard to select 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster. It cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand. Your opponent cannot banish cards.
1 Fiend-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card declares an attack: You can switch the current ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters your opponent controls, until the end of the Battle Phase.
The ATK of this card is the number of Monster Cards in your Graveyard x 300.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; banish that target. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher monster with 1600 or less ATK from your Deck.
Once per turn, you can remove from play up to 2 Spell Cards in your Graveyard. This card gains 300 ATK for each card removed, until the end of your opponent's next turn.
A wicked wooden spirit that has burned out. The barbecue grilled with this charcoal is so awesome that everybody thinks it's priceless.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, its original ATK becomes 1900. If this card is Tributed: You can add 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Charging Gaia the Fierce Knight" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card to target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card; until the End Phase, "Gravekeeper's" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
When an attack is declared involving a "SPYRAL Super Agent" you control and an opponent's face-up monster: You can change the ATK of the opponent's monster to 0. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" from your Deck. If a "SPYRAL Super Agent" you control is destroyed by battle or sent to the Graveyard while this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; return 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" from your Graveyard to your hand.
"Monster Egg" + "Hinotama Soul"
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then gain LP equal to half its DEF. This Attack Position card cannot be destroyed by battle.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher Tuner monster from your Deck.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● During your Main Phase: You can send 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, then add 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Chemicritter Carbo Crab" once per turn.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Chemicritter Hydron Hawk" once per turn.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Gemini monster from your hand, and if you do, all Gemini monsters you currently control become that monster's original Level until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Chemicritter Oxy Ox" once per turn.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon up to 2 "Inmato" monsters from your Deck. The monster(s) Special Summoned by this effect cannot be used as Synchro Material Monsters this turn.
2 Level 3 monsters  Monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card on the field would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can send 1 other card you control to the GY instead. You can send 1 Level 3 monster from your Deck to the GY, then target 1 "Burning Abyss" monster on the field; it gains ATK/DEF equal to the sent monster's ATK/DEF, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Cherubini, Ebon Angel of the Burning Abyss" once per turn.
"Fleur Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once during each of your turns, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, you can negate the activation and destroy that card.
FLIP: Special Summon 3 "Chewbone Jr. Tokens" (Zombie-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 300) to your opponent's field in Defense Position.
"Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" + "Berfomet" (This card is always treated as a "Phantom Beast" card.) When this card is destroyed: You can target 1 "Berfomet" or 1 "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
"Cyber Dragon" + 1+ Machine monsters  Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards from either field to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) The original ATK of this card becomes 1000 x the number of Fusion Materials used for its Special Summon.
1 "Cyber Dragon" monster + 1+ monsters in the Extra Monster Zone  Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards from either field to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) The original ATK of this card becomes 1200 x the number of Fusion Materials used for its Special Summon.
"Cyber Dragon" + 1+ Machine monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Fusion Summoned: Send all other cards you control to the GY. The original ATK/DEF of this card each become equal to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon x 800. Each turn, this card can attack your opponent's monsters a number of times equal to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon.
2+ "Cyber Dragon" monsters  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target Spells/Traps on the field, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon; destroy them. Once per turn: You can send up to 2 LIGHT Machine monsters from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, for each monster sent to the GY, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell Card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Your opponent cannot target face-up Plant-Type monsters for attacks, except this one. If this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect): You can Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster from your Deck, except "Chirubimé, Princess of Autumn Leaves".
When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck, except "Chiwen, Light of the Yang Zing". When a "Yang Zing" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard, while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Chiwen, Light of the Yang Zing" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Attack Position, and if you do, this turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle, also any battle damage you take from attacks involving this card is halved. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can target 1 other DARK monster in your GY; add it to your hand, also your opponent can add 1 monster from their GY to their hand. You can only use this effect of "Chobham Armor Dragon" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spellcaster-Type monster; draw 1 card. Once per turn, if this card is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Chocolate Magician Girl"; Special Summon it, then change the attack target to it, and if you do, the attacking monster's ATK becomes half its current ATK.
When this card is Flip Summoned, you can equip 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard to this card.
Inspired by the World Hero legends he heard as a boy, this crusader adds a piece to his armor from every Mekkstrosity he destroys. He has set out on a quest from Fairy Lee to recover the Seven World Legacies and save their world.
When your opponent activates a Normal Trap Card in response to your monster's attack declaration targeting an opponent's monster: You can discard this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card (this is a Quick Effect).
Once per turn: You can declare either Spell or Trap, then target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone; look at that target, and if it is the declared card type, that card cannot be activated this turn.
You can target 1 "Nephthys" card in your GY, except "Chronicler of Nephthys"; destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, add that target to your hand. During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Nephthys" card from your GY to your hand, except "Chronicler of Nephthys". You can only use each effect of "Chronicler of Nephthys" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can destroy this card, and if you do, take 1 "Timegazer Magician" from your hand or Deck, and either place it in your Pendulum Zone or Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Chronograph Sorcerer" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. You can banish this card you control, plus 4 monsters from your hand, field, and/or Graveyard (1 each with "Pendulum Dragon", "Xyz Dragon", "Synchro Dragon", and "Fusion Dragon" in their names); Special Summon 1 "Supreme King Z-ARC" from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.)
During your turn, if you have activated a "Chronomaly" Spell Card previously this turn, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only control 1 "Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem".
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other "Chronomaly" monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0 until the End Phase.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 1 Level 3 or higher Attack Position monster on the field; change it to face-up or face-down Defense Position. The effect of "Chronomaly Colossal Head" can only be used once per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: You can Special Summon 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Chronomaly Crystal Bones".
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects, also your opponent takes any Battle Damage you would have taken from battles involving this card.
If you control a face-up "Chronomaly" monster: You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand, except "Chronomaly Crystal Skull". The effect of "Chronomaly Crystal Skull" can only be used once per turn.
Once per turn: You can increase the Levels of all "Chronomaly" monsters you currently control by 1.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your hand, and if you do, this card's Level becomes the current Level of that Special Summoned monster.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Machine-Type monster.
If you control a face-up "Chronomaly" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Defense Position.
If your opponent controls a card and you control no cards, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
If a "Chronomaly" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Chronomaly" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Chronomaly Nebra Disk". If this card is in the Graveyard and all monsters you control are "Chronomaly" monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You cannot activate cards or effects during the turn you activate this effect, except "Chronomaly" cards and effects. You can only use 1 "Chronomaly Nebra Disk" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Chronomaly" monster you control; its Level becomes 6. You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except "Chronomaly" monsters.
If there is a face-up Field Spell Card on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only control 1 "Chronomaly Tula Guardian".
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses ATK equal to the sent monster's Level/Rank x 200, until the end of this turn. A "Number" Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as a material gains this effect.  ● This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.  You can only use each effect of "Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 5 "Chronomaly" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Chronomaly" monsters.
You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" from your hand or Deck.
By Tributing this card while "Neo Space" is on the field, Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" from your hand or Deck.
You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" from your hand or Deck.
You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is face-up on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" from your hand or Deck.
You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther" from your hand or Deck.
You can Tribute this card while "Neo Space" is face-up on the field to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss" from your hand or Deck.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● This card can attack twice during the same Battle Phase.
When this card is destroyed by an opponent's attacking monster and sent to the Graveyard, the Battle Damage you took from this battle is also inflicted to your opponent.
A fiery mouse, travelling the world to become the strongest fighter in the world of mice. Be careful not to touch him, or you will get burned.
While this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can target 1 "Cipher" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as Xyz Material. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Cipher" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Cipher Etranger" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When a "Cipher" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard: You can discard this card; send 1 card from your hand or field to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon that destroyed monster. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 "Cipher" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Cipher Mirror Knight" once per turn.
If this card battles a Warrior-Type monster, during damage calculation: This card gains 2000 ATK and DEF during that damage calculation only.
If your opponent controls a face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Cipher" monster from your hand or Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Cipher" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Cipher Twin Raptor" once per turn.
If you control a "Cipher" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can Tribute this card; increase the Levels of all "Cipher" monsters you control by 4 until the end of this turn.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Burning Abyss" monster in your Graveyard, except "Cir, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss"; Special Summon it.
If this card is in your hand or GY: You can Tribute 2 WATER monsters; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Citadel Whale" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can Set 1 "Sea Stealth Attack" directly from your Deck. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets 1 WATER monster you control (and no other cards) (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
1 Normal Summoned/Set monster  Cannot be Link Summoned, except during Main Phase 2.
Stretching arms and razor-sharp claws make this monster a formidable opponent.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Draw 1 card. A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material cannot be destroyed by card effects.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect that would inflict damage: You can discard this card; negate the activation. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; draw 1 card, if it is a monster, you can Special Summon it, then change the attack target to it. You can only use this effect of "Clear Kuriboh" once per turn.
You are unaffected by the effects of "Clear World". If this card attacks an opponent's monster, the ATK of this card becomes twice the ATK of the attack target, during damage calculation only. If this card would be destroyed by an opponent's card effect, you can discard 1 card instead.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can send 1 face-up "Speedroid" Tuner and 1 face-up non-Tuner monster you control to the Graveyard, whose total Levels equal 7; Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Clear Wing Fast Dragon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner WIND monsters  During either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; until the end of this turn, change its ATK to 0, also that face-up monster has its effects negated. You can only use this effect of "Clear Wing Fast Dragon" once per turn. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn, during either player's turn, when another Level 5 or higher monster activates its effect on the field: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a monster effect is activated that targets exactly 1 Level 5 or higher monster on the field (and no other cards): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If this card's effect destroys a monster, this card gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK until the end of this turn.
While this Normal Summoned/Set card is face-up on the field, all Cyberse monsters you control gain 500 ATK/DEF during your turn only. If this card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 Cyberse monster in your hand or face-up on your field instead.
2 Cyberse monsters  You can Tribute this card; return 1 Fusion Monster from your GY to the Extra Deck, then Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster with that name from your Extra Deck, by banishing the Fusion Materials listed on it from your GY. If this card is banished from the GY: You can have all opponent's Special Summoned monsters lose 400 ATK for each Cyberse monster in your GY, until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, this face-up Defense Position card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
2 Cyberse monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Cynet Fusion" from your Deck to your hand. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters. You can only use each effect of "Clock Spartoi" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can halve this card's ATK, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Clock Token" (Cyberse/WIND/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Clock Wyvern" once per turn.
2 monsters with different names  If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to: You can activate this effect; apply the following effect(s) depending on the monster card types of the monsters this card points to.  ● Ritual: Draw 2 cards, then discard 2 cards. ● Fusion: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your GY. ● Synchro: All monsters you currently control gain 700 ATK. ● Xyz: All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 700 ATK.  You can only use this effect of "Clotheep" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Level 9 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. Level 8 or lower monsters cannot attack the turn they are Normal or Special Summoned.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When you Normal Summon this card, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each "Cloudian" monster on the field. You can remove 2 Fog Counters from this card to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When you Normal Summon this card, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each "Cloudian" monster on the field. You can remove 3 Fog Counters from anywhere on the field to discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When you Normal Summon this card, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each "Cloudian" monster on the field. You can remove 2 Fog Counters from this card to destroy 1 monster on the field.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When this card declares an attack, change the battle positions of all face-up monsters, except "Cloudian" monsters.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. All Battle Damage to either player from a battle involving this monster becomes 0. If this card is destroyed by battle, distribute new Fog Counters equal to the Level of the monster that destroyed it among face-up monsters.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. You can Tribute any number of WATER monsters for the Tribute Summon of this card. When this card is Tribute Summoned, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each WATER monster you Tributed. This card gains 500 ATK for each Fog Counter on the field.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, if it was face-up at the start of the Damage Step: Destroy the monster that destroyed it, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 2 "Cloudian Tokens" (Fairy-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, unless it is for a "Cloudian" monster.
Smoke Balls are newly born Cloudians. They fear being alone, and would rather swing and sway in the sky with their friends.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 "Cloudian" monster from your Graveyard. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. Once per turn, you can place 1 Fog Counter on 1 monster on the field.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in face-up Defense Position, destroy it. When you Normal Summon this card, place 1 Fog Counter on it for each "Cloudian" monster on the field. You can remove 1 Fog Counter from this card to Special Summon 1 "Cloudian - Smoke Ball" from your Deck or from either player's Graveyard.
A clown revived by the powers of darkness. Its deadly dance has sent many monsters to their graves.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned, and you control no Link Monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Congester Token" (Cyberse/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Cluster Congester" once per turn. Once per Battle Step, when your Link Monster is attacked (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY and that Link Monster; Special Summon "Congester Tokens", up to the number of Link Monsters your opponent controls.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1300. Once per turn: You can make all Level 4 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you currently control become Level 8 until the end of this turn. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a FIRE Warrior-Type monster.
While this card is face-up on your side of the field, you can return 1 Normal Monster Card in your hand to the bottom of your Deck during your End Phase to draw 1 card from your Deck. You can only use this effect once per turn.
3 Level 8 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; draw 1 card and show it, then if it was a monster, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Coach King Giantrainer" up to thrice per turn.
You can target 1 Level 4 FIRE Beast-Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. Its effects are negated. You can only use the effect of "Coach Soldier Wolfbark" once per turn.
FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Poisonous Snake Token" (Reptile-Type/EARTH/3 Stars/ATK 1200/DEF 1200). When the "Poisonous Snake Token" is destroyed as a result of battle, inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. When this card is flipped face-up, look at all Set Spell and Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field and then return them to their original position.
If there are no monsters on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) as a Level 3 monster. If your opponent controls a monster and you control no cards, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) as a Level 4 monster. If this face-up card would leave the field, banish it instead.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard, it is returned to the top of the Deck.
You can equip this card from your hand as an Equip Spell Card to a face-up "Petit Moth" on the field. If equipped, the ATK and DEF of "Cocoon of Evolution" is applied to "Petit Moth".
You can send 1 face-up "Umi" you control to the Graveyard to target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; send those targets to the Graveyard.
If a Cyberse monster you control would be used as Link Material for a “Code Talker” monster, this card in your hand can also be used as material. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a “Code Talker” monster: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; add it to your hand, or, if this card on the field was used as material, you can Special Summon that monster instead, but its effects are negated. You can only use each effect of "Code Exporter" once per turn.
If you would use a Cyberse monster(s) you control as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster, you can use this card in your hand as Link Material. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster: You can send 1 Cyberse monster with 1200 or less ATK from your Deck to the GY. If this card was used as material from the field, you can add that monster to your hand, instead. You can only use each effect of "Code Generator" once per turn.
If you would use a Cyberse monster(s) you control as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster, you can use this card in your hand as Link Material. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0, also negate its effects. If this card was used as material from the field, you can target 2 monsters, instead. You can only use each effect of "Code Radiator" once per turn.
2 Effect Monsters  Gains 500 ATK for each monster it points to. Cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects, while it points to a monster.
You can discard 1 card to target 1 face-up monster on the field; place an Ice Counter on that target. This card gains 300 ATK for each Ice Counter on the field.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card gains 100 ATK for every Warrior-Type monster in any Graveyard. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Warrior-Type monster in either Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". When this card is Special Summoned, you can send up to 2 Warrior-Type monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard. All monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for every Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Colossal Fighter" from your Graveyard.
If a Chain (of 2 or more Links) occurred in your Main Phase 1, this card can attack twice during the Battle Phase this turn.
If a Chain (of 2 or more Links) occurred in your Main Phase 1, this card can attack twice during the Battle Phase this turn.
2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters If this card would be destroyed by battle, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. When you do: It gains 500 ATK, and if it does, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
All Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 400 ATK. If you control another monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot target this card for an attack.
You can send 1 face-up "Machina Soldier", "Machina Sniper", and "Machina Defender" you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Machina Force" from your hand or Deck.
All face-up "Saber" monsters you control gain 400 ATK.
All Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 400 ATK.
2 Fairy monsters  You can Tribute Summon a Fairy monster that requires 2 Tributes by banishing 2 monsters from your GY instead of Tributing (it is still treated as a Tribute Summon). You can discard 1 card; take 1 "Darklord" monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Condemned Darklord" once per turn. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Gain 500 LP for each Fairy monster on the field.
During your opponent's turn, you can activate 1 Quick-Play Spell Card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Condemned Maiden" once per Duel.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Forbidden" Quick-Play Spell from your Deck to your hand. During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 Fairy monster from your Deck, except "Condemned Witch". You can only use each effect of "Condemned Witch" once per turn.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster from the Extra Deck: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you do, this card is unaffected by monster effects that target this card.
Neither player can Normal or Special Summon DARK monsters or declare an attack with a DARK monster. This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a DARK monster, also you take no battle damage from that battle.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: All "Constellar" monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 "Constellar" monster from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Constellar" monster from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Constellar" monster from your hand in face-up Defense Position.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Constellar" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
2 Level 3 LIGHT monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change all monsters your opponent controls to face-up Defense Position.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material. Up to twice per turn: You can target 1 "Constellar" monster on the field, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Increase its Level by 1. ● Reduce its Level by 1.
During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "Constellar" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
2 Level 4 LIGHT monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all "Constellar" monsters you currently control are unaffected by Spell/Trap effects this turn.
2 Level 5 LIGHT monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; return that target to the hand.
During the turn this card was Normal Summoned, you can Normal Summon 1 "Constellar" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
2 Level 4 "Constellar" monsters Once per turn, during the Damage Step of either player's turn, when a "Constellar" monster you control is attacking or being attacked: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; that monster gains 1000 ATK, until the End Phase.
2 Level 6 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Constellar" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material, other than "Constellar Ptolemy M7". (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If Summoned this way, the following effect cannot be activated this turn. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster on the field or in either player's Graveyard; return that target to the hand.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Constellar" monster from your hand or Graveyard in face-up Defense Position, except "Constellar Rasalhague".
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Constellar" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can target 1 "Constellar" monster you control or in your Graveyard; this card's Level becomes the current Level of that monster. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material, except for the Xyz Summon of a "Constellar" monster.
You can only use each effect of "Constellar Sombre" once per turn. While this card is in the Graveyard, if it was sent there this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 "Constellar" monster for 1 less Tribute. You can banish 1 "Constellar" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Constellar" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, also, this card gains the following effect. ● This turn: You can activate this effect; Normal Summon 1 "Constellar" monster.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 "Constellar" monster from your hand in face-up Defense Position.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Constellar" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When your opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, change the attack target to this card and proceed to damage calculation. This card cannot be destroyed by that battle.
When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand to the opponent's field in Defense Position. This card's controller cannot Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon unless they use this card as material.
2 "Masked HERO" monsters (This card is always treated as an "Elemental HERO" card.) Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While face-up on the field, this card is also LIGHT-Attribute. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; negate that target's effects until the end of this turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 other Plant-Type monster on the field that has a Level; this card's Level becomes that monster's current Level, until the end of this turn.
When this card is Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; this card's ATK and DEF become equal to that monster's original ATK and DEF.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. If this Synchro Summoned card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Coral Dragon" once per turn.
A zombie shark that can deliver its lethal curse with a spell.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 2 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters  Must be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can banish this card until the End Phase to activate 1 of these Quick Effects;  ● When your opponent activates a card or effect: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.  ● When your opponent would Summon a monster(s): Negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).  ● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon a number of "Compass Tokens" (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) up to the number of monsters your opponent controls.
"Alien Ammonite" + 1 or more non-Tuner "Alien" monsters Once per turn, you can select any number of face-up Spell or Trap Cards. Return those cards to their owners' hands, and distribute new A-Counters among monsters on the field equal to the number of cards returned. Once per turn, you can remove 2 A-Counters from anywhere on the field to destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
If you're Tributing a monster on your side of the field that is owned by your opponent, this card can be Normal Summoned with 1 Tribute. Once per turn, you can place 1 A-Counter on a monster on your opponent's side of the field. (If a monster with an A-Counter battles an "Alien" monster, it loses 300 ATK and DEF for each A-Counter during damage calculation only.)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 non-Effect Monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY. Gains ATK equal to that sent monster's Level x 200. You can Tribute 1 Effect Monster; Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Cosmo Brain" once per turn.
Queen of the galaxies and mistress of the stars.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon, you can pay 500 Life Points to have that Synchro Monster gain 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Turtle Oath". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 8 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster with equal or lower Level. When your opponent Normal or Special Summons exactly 1 monster (and no other monsters are Summoned) while this monster is on the field: You can make that monster lose ATK equal to its Level x 200 (until the end of this turn), and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK lost by this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 monster in your GY; Special Summon that target, but it has its effects negated. You can only use this effect of "Crane Crane" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Ocean's Keeper". You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard to destroy 1 face-down card.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Crashbug Z" from your Deck. You must control a face-up "Crashbug Y" to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Crashbug X" from your Deck. You must control a face-up "Crashbug Z" to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Crashbug Y" from your Deck. You must control a face-up "Crashbug X" to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is changed from Defense Position to Attack Position, return 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field to the owner's hand.
This weakened dragon can no longer fly, but is still a deadly force to be reckoned with.
A powerful dragon with teeth that can grind almost anything to dust.
A flying fish that attacks with its pointed head.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Impcantation Inception". During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can reveal this card in your hand; discard 1 card, then Special Summon "Impcantation" monsters from your GY whose total Levels equal 10, but shuffle them into the Deck during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Crealtar, the Impcantation Originator" once per turn. Non-Ritual "Impcantation" monsters you control gain 2000 ATK, also their effects are negated.
If you control a Level 8 or higher Synchro Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
When this card is Normal Summoned successfully, no Trap Cards can be activated.
FLIP: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each face-up Normal Monster you control, except Tokens.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Your opponent cannot Normal or Special Summon Level 5 or higher monsters during their next turn.
2 Level 5 Zombie-Type monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon that target to your side of the field, but if you do, only that monster can attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Crimson Knight Vampire Bram" once per turn. During the Standby Phase of the next turn after this card you controlled was destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon it from the Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.
FLIP: Target 1 Trap Card on the field; destroy that target. (If the target is Set, reveal it, and destroy it if it is a Trap Card. Otherwise, return it to its original position.)
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by revealing 3 other "Cubic" cards in your hand with different names, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Unaffected by other monsters' activated effects, whose original ATK is 3000 or less. When this attacking card destroys a monster by battle: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. During your End Phase: Each player takes 3000 damage. You can only use this effect of "Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord" once per turn.
3 x "Crimson Nova the Dark Cubic Lord" Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted, or destroyed by, your opponent's card effects. When this card declares an attack: Halve your opponent's LP. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. If you take effect damage: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the damage you took.
Tribute this face-up card to return 1 of your monsters destroyed as a result of battle during this turn to the bottom of your Deck.
"Faith Bird" + "Skull Red Bird"
When a monster is returned from the field to the owner's hand, the owner of the returned monster selects and sends 1 card in their hand to the Graveyard.
If you control 2 or more Link Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During damage calculation, if your Link Monster battles an opponent's Link Monster (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Link Monster in your GY; your battling monster gains ATK equal to the targeted monster's ATK until the end of this turn, also it cannot be destroyed by that battle. You can only use each effect of "Cross Debug" once per turn.
You can send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard and Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your hand. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your Deck to your hand.
While you control an Insect-Type monster (other than this card), if an Insect-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
A clever long-nosed goblin, he is a force to be reckoned with.
2 Spellcaster monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can reveal 3 "Spellbook" cards with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to add to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Crowley, the First Propheseer" once per turn. Each turn, 1 Level 5 or higher Spellcaster monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing.
With her magical staff, she can channel the living heart of her world to shield her people from the Mekk-Knights that have overrun it.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the GY. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.  ● Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; place 1 Spell Counter on it, and if you do, this card gains 600 ATK until the end of this turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon “Crusadia Arboria” once per turn this way. If a "Crusadia" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your field or GY instead. You can only use this effect of “Crusadia Arboria” once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Crusadia Draco" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to: You can target 1 "Crusadia" card in your GY, except “Crusadia Draco”; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of “Crusadia Draco” once per turn.
2+ Effect Monsters, including at least 1 Link Monster  Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of all monsters it points to. Monsters this card points to cannot attack. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Crusadia" or "World Legacy" monster this card points to, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; it has its effects negated until the end of this turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Crusadia Leonis" once per turn this way. You can target 1 "Crusadia" Link Monster you control; if it attacks a Defense Position monster this turn, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of “Crusadia Leonis” once per turn.
1 "Crusadia" monster, except “Crusadia Magius”  Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster this card points to. The monster this card points to cannot attack. If an Effect Monster is Special Summoned to the zone this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 "Crusadia" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of “Crusadia Magius” once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon “Crusadia Maximus” once per turn this way. You can target 1 "Crusadia" Link Monster you control; this turn, if it battles an opponent's monster, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled, also other monsters you control cannot attack. You can only use this effect of “Crusadia Maximus” once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Crusadia Reclusia" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to: You can target 1 "Crusadia" card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can only use this effect of “Crusadia Reclusia” once per turn.
2 Effect Monsters, including at least 1 "Crusadia" monster  Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of all monsters it points to. Monsters this card points to cannot attack. If an Effect Monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone this card points to: You can add 1 "Crusadia" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of “Crusadia Regulex” once per turn.
2 Effect Monsters, including a "Crusadia" monster  Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of any monster this card points to. A monster this card points to cannot attack. Once per turn, if an Effect Monster is Special Summoned to a zone this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster in either player's Main Monster Zone, except this card; move it to another Main Monster Zone on its controller's field.
While you control another "Ice Barrier" monster, Level 4 or higher monsters cannot declare an attack.
When another face-up "Crystal Beast" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can make this card the attack target instead. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
This card can attack your opponent directly, but when it uses this effect, any Battle Damage it inflicts to your opponent is halved. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up "Crystal Beast" card you control; return that target to the top of the Deck. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster you control that attacked this turn; change that target to Defense Position. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon as many "Crystal Beast" cards as possible from your Spell & Trap Card Zone. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
When this card is Summoned: You can place 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 400 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this face-up card is destroyed while it is in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Each turn, the first time an "Ultimate Crystal" monster(s) and/or "Crystal Beast" card(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect that turn, it is not destroyed.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If a "Crystal Beast" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card from your hand or face-up from your field; your battling monster's ATK/DEF become double its original ATK/DEF during that damage calculation only, but it is destroyed at the end of this Damage Step.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Your opponent cannot target "Ultimate Crystal" monsters or "Crystal Beast" cards you control with card effects.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute this card; add 1 "Ultimate Crystal" monster, "Crystal Beast" monster, or "Crystal" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" or "Melodious" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, this card's name becomes the sent monster's name, until the End Phase. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 Fusion Monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Crystal Rose" once per turn.
FLIP: Excavate the top 2 cards of your Deck, add 1 of them to your hand, then place the other on the bottom of your Deck.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Synchro Monsters  Once per turn, when another monster's effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster, and if you do that, this card gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK until the end of this turn. If this card battles an opponent's Level 5 or higher monster, during damage calculation: This card gains ATK equal to the current ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling during that damage calculation only.
1 Tuner  + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can change all face-up Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position. If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Crystron" monster in your Graveyard, except a Synchro Monster; Special Summon it.
During your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase: You can target 1 non-Tuner monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Machine-Type Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card (this is a Quick Effect). These Synchro Materials are banished instead of being sent to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Crystron Citree" once per turn.
2 monsters, including at least 1 Tuner  If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Tuner from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. During your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Tuner Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Synchro Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Crystron Needlefiber" once per turn.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can banish all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls and in their Graveyard. If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 other monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine-Type Synchro Monsters, also, destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Crystron" Tuner from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Crystron" monster from your hand. You can only use 1 "Crystron Prasiortle" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
During your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase: You can Special Summon 1 non-Tuner monster from your hand, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Machine-Type Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card (this is a Quick Effect). You can only use this effect of "Crystron Quan" once per turn.
1 Tuner  + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using Materials including this card you control (this is a Quick Effect). If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Crystron" monster in your Graveyard, except a Synchro Monster; Special Summon it.
2 or more Tuners + 1 non-Tuner monster  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target monsters your opponent controls and/or in their Graveyard, up to the number of Synchro Materials used for the Synchro Summon of this card; banish them. If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 banished monster, except this card; Special Summon it to your field.
During your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase: You can target 1 of your banished non-Tuner monsters; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Machine-Type Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card (this is a Quick Effect). These Synchro Materials are shuffled into the Deck instead of being sent to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Crystron Rion" once per turn.
You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine-Type Synchro Monsters, also, destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Crystron" Tuner from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Crystron Token" (Machine-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), but it cannot be Tributed. You can only use 1 "Crystron Rosenix" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine-Type Synchro Monsters, also, destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Crystron" Tuner from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Crystron" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Crystron Smiger" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Crystron" card, except "Crystron Sulfefnir"; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, then destroy 1 card you control. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Crystron" monster from your Deck in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Crystron Sulfefnir" once per turn.
You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine-Type Synchro Monsters, also, destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Crystron" Tuner from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Crystron" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Crystron Thystvern". You can only use 1 "Crystron Thystvern" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, Emblem of the Awakening. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard. This card gains ATK equal to that Normal Monster's ATK, until the Standby Phase of your next turn.
Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, and while this monster is face-up on the field, neither player can Normal or Special Summon monsters with the same Level as the result.
Cannot be destroyed by battle, except by a monster with a higher Level. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can increase this card's Level by 1.
Unaffected by the activated effects of monsters whose Levels are higher than this card's. You can banish up to 3 cards from your GY; increase this card's Level by the number of cards banished, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Cupid Serve" once per turn.
You can choose a number from 1 to 3 cards, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the GY; increase this card's Level by the number of cards sent to the GY this way, until the end of this turn. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your GY: Gain 1500 LP. You can only use each effect of “Cupid Volley” once per turn.
As long as this card remains face-up on your side of the field, increase your Life Points by 800 points during each of your Standby Phases.
3 monsters with the same Attribute but different Types  If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can target 1 card in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Curious, the Lightsworn Dominion" once per turn.  ● If this card is Link Summoned: You can send 1 card from your Deck to the GY.  ● If a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the GY by an effect: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. You can target 3 of your banished Fiend monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, shuffle the targeted monsters into the Deck. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed in its owner's Monster Zone by an opponent's card and sent there this turn: Special Summon this card, then you can destroy cards your opponent controls, up to the number of Spells/Traps you control with a different name. You can only use each effect of "Curse Necrofear" once per turn.
A wicked dragon that taps into dark forces to execute a powerful attack.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Field Spell Card on the field; destroy it. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials, including this card.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 2 Set Spell/Trap Cards on the field; while this card is in the Graveyard, those Set cards cannot be activated.
A curtain that a spellcaster made, it is said to raise a dark power.
3 or more Level 7 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using 1 monster you control with "Number C101" through "Number C107" in its name as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains 1000 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. You can target 1 "Number" monster in your Graveyard; until your opponent's next End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. You can only use this effect of "CXyz Barian Hope" once per turn.
4 Level 4 monsters Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase, if your opponent has more cards in their hand than you do: They discard 1 card. If this card has "Battlecruiser Dianthus" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card on the field. You can only use this effect of "CXyz Battleship Cherry Blossom" once per turn.
4 Level 9 monsters This card cannot be targeted by card effects. If this card has an Xyz Monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; draw 1 card and reveal it, then if it was a monster, inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
3 Level 5 monsters Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card has "Comics Hero King Arthur" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; banish the destroyed monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
3 Level 5 monsters When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card. If this card has "Fairy Cheer Girl" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and remains on the field: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each card in your hand.
3 Level 4 monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 Defense Position monster on the field; change that target to face-up Attack Position. If this card has "Mechquipped Angineer" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
3 Level 7 monsters This card is unaffected by other monster effects. If this card has "Norito the Moral Leader" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its battle position, and if you do, negate its effects until the end of this turn.
3 Level 11 monsters When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard. If this card has "Skypalace Gangaridai" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn, if this card destroys a monster by battle: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it can make a second attack in a row.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original DEF in the Graveyard. If this card is Tributed: You can add 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can make your opponent send 1 monster they control to the Graveyard (their choice). If a Ritual Monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can target 1 Ritual Monster or 1 "Machine Angel Ritual" in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. If this card is Tributed: You can make all Ritual Monsters you control gain 1000 ATK and DEF.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can make your opponent send 1 Spell/Trap they control to the GY. When this attacking card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack on an opponent's monster in a row. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can shuffle 1 Ritual Monster from your GY into the Deck, and if you do, destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; gain LP equal to half its ATK. When a Ritual Monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 other "Cyber Angel" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; Special Summon this card, and if you do, take control of that monster.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Machine Angel Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can destroy as many face-up monsters your opponent controls as possible that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each, and if you do that, this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card on the field: You can shuffle 1 Ritual Monster from your Graveyard into the Deck; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
At the beginning of your Draw Phase, if you have no cards in your hand, draw 1 more card in addition to the normal draw. During your End Phase, if you have 1 or more card(s) in your hand, destroy this card.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Attack Reflector Unit". Once per turn, while this card is in Attack Position, your opponent's next attack is negated.
"Etoile Cyber" + "Blade Skater" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. While your opponent controls only 1 monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. While your opponent controls only 2 monsters, double this card's ATK. While your opponent controls only 3 monsters, negate the effects of your opponent's Spell, Trap, and Effect Monsters.
A strike force equipped with rocket launchers and bazookas.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster from their hand (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.
If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
When this card is Normal Summoned: Add 1 "Cyber" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If only your opponent controls a monster: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Cyber Dragon" monster from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Cyber Dragon Core" effect per turn, and only once that turn. This card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field or in the GY.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can make all "Cyber Dragon" you currently control become Level 5. You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except Machine monsters. If this card is banished: You can target 1 "Cyber Dragon" you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. This card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field or in the GY.
This card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Cyber Dragon Herz" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can make this card's Level become 5 until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Machine monsters.   ● If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 other "Cyber Dragon" from your Deck or GY to your hand.
3 Level 6 LIGHT Machine monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Cyber Dragon Infinity" by using "Cyber Dragon Nova" you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Gains 200 ATK for each material attached to it. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; attach it to this card as a face-up material. Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
This card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Cyber Dragon Nachster" once per turn.  ● You can discard 1 other monster; Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Machine monster in your GY with 2100 ATK or DEF; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Machine monsters.
2 Level 5 Machine monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Cyber Dragon" in your GY; Special Summon that target. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Cyber Dragon" from your hand or face-up from your Monster Zone; this card gains 2100 ATK until the end of this turn. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.
2 Machine monsters, including at least 1 "Cyber Dragon"  This card’s name becomes “Cyber Dragon” while on the field or in the GY. During the Battle Phase, if this card did not declare an attack (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Machine monster you control with 2100 or more ATK; that monster gains 2100 ATK/DEF, also neither player takes battle damage from battles involving this card. (These changes last until the end of this turn.) You can only use this effect of "Cyber Dragon Zieger" once per turn.
This card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field or in the GY. If you Normal or Special Summon "Cyber Dragon" (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Cyber Dragon Vier" once per turn. Every "Cyber Dragon" you control gains 500 ATK/DEF.
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. Once per turn: You can reveal 1 Spell in your hand; this card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" until the End Phase. This card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while in the GY.
If this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "Machine Angel" Spell or "Ritual Sanctuary" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Cyber Egg Angel" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing all LIGHT Machine monsters from your field and GY. This card's ATK/DEF become the number of monsters banished for its Special Summon x 500. When this card is Special Summoned: Send all other face-up monsters on the field to the GY.
"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon"  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.
While this card is in face-up Attack Position, you can look at every card your opponent draws.
1 "Cyber Dragon" monster + 2 Machine monsters  If you have a Machine Fusion Monster in your GY, your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by your opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Cyber Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can banish this card from your GY; this turn, your opponent cannot target Fusion Monsters you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
A jet-powered hawk that travels at the speed of sound.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
(This card's name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".)
FLIP: Destroy all monsters on the field, then both players reveal the top 5 cards from their Decks, then Special Summon all revealed Level 4 or lower monsters in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, also add any remaining cards to their hand. (If either player has less than 5 cards in their Deck, reveal as many as possible.)
You can Tribute this card to make any effect damage you take this turn 0.
If this face-up card is targeted for an attack: You take no battle damage for the rest of this turn. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Cyber Larva" from your Deck.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Photon Generator Unit". Once per turn, you can destroy 1 monster with ATK or DEF equal to or higher than the ATK of this card.
By discarding this card from your hand to the Graveyard, negate 1 battle involving a "Cyber Ogre" on your side of the field, and it gains 2000 ATK until the end of its next battle. This effect can be activated during either player's turn.
"Cyber Ogre" + "Cyber Ogre" A Fusion Summon of this monster can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. When this card attacks, it gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the attack target, during damage calculation only.
When this card is removed from play, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to draw 1 card.
If this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "Cyber Angel" monster or "Machine Angel Ritual" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Cyber Petit Angel" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Machine monster. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. When your Fusion Monster is destroyed by battle: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Power Bond" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Cyber Pharos" once per turn.
While this card is in Attack Position, negate any Spell/Trap effects that target 1 Machine monster you control (and no other cards). When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can draw 1 card.
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Destroy all face-up Spell Cards on the field.
When this card is Summoned: Activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 Equip Card equipped to a monster on the field; destroy that target. ● Target 1 Equip Card equipped to a monster on the field; equip that target to this card.
"Blast Juggler" + "Two-Headed King Rex"
If you control a WATER monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing.
Guardian of the Machine Master, it crushes opposition by rolling over them.
A mechanical soldier that won't stop attacking until all life readings have been extinguished from its sensors.
If the ATK of each monster your opponent controls is higher than the ATK of this card, this card can attack your opponent directly.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Warrior or Fairy-Type monster from your hand or field. If this card is Tributed for a Ritual Summon: You can target 1 Ritual Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
"Cyber Dragon" + "Cyber Dragon"  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
You can use 1 of these effects.  ● When this card is targeted for an attack by an opponent's monster: You can banish this card; draw 1 card, then end the Battle Phase.  ● You can target 1 face-up monster you control and this card; banish both that target and this card, then draw 2 cards.  ● You can target 1 card in your GY; banish both this card and 1 card from your hand, then place that target on top of the Deck.
Pay 5000 Life Points. Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck to the field in Attack Position.
Originally a pterodactyl, he was viciously attacked by a dragon. Using the newest technologies, his keeper saved him from near-fatal wounds and brought him back as a powerful Cyborg.
If this card is sent to the GY while equipped to a monster: You can draw 1 card. You can only use each of the following effects of "Cyberdark Cannon" once per turn.  ● You can discard this card; add 1 Machine "Cyberdark" monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● During damage calculation, if a monster equipped with this card battles: You can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY.
If this card is sent to the GY while equipped to a monster: You can target 1 "Cyberdark" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Cyberdark Claw" once per turn.  ● You can discard this card; add 1 "Cyberdark" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.  ● During damage calculation, if a monster equipped with this card battles: You can send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the GY.
"Cyberdark Horn" + "Cyberdark Edge" + "Cyberdark Keel"  This monster cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. When this monster is Special Summoned, select 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard and equip it to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the equipped card's ATK. This card gains 100 ATK for each Monster Card in your Graveyard. If this card would be destroyed by battle, the equipped monster is destroyed instead.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon monster in your GY; equip that Dragon monster to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. This card can attack directly. If it does using this effect, its ATK is halved during damage calculation only. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy the monster equipped to it by its effect, instead.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon monster in your GY; equip that Dragon monster to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy the monster equipped to it by its effect, instead.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon monster in your GY; equip that Dragon monster to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy the monster equipped to it by its effect, instead.
5 "Cyberdark" Effect Monsters  Must first be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: You can equip 1 Dragon or Machine monster from your GY to this card. Gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect. When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
While you have no cards in your hand, this card gains 1000 ATK.
You can discard 1 card to target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target's ATK becomes 2000 until the End Phase.
2+ monsters, except Tokens  During the Battle Phase: You can target 1 Cyberse monster this card points to, then activate 1 of these Quick Effects;  ● It gains 2000 ATK until the end of this turn.  ● It can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.  This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated. You can only use this effect of "Cyberse Accelerator" once per turn.
"Clock Wyvern" + 1+ Link Monsters  When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY, equal to the total Link Rating of the materials used for this card's Fusion Summon, and if you do, until the end of the next turn, other monsters you control cannot attack, also this card gains 1000 ATK for each card sent to the GY by this effect. While you control a Link Monster(s), your opponent's monsters cannot target other monsters you control for attacks, also your opponent cannot target other monsters you control with card effects. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 Spell from your Deck to your hand.
If all monsters you control are Cyberse monsters (min. 1), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Cyberse Converter" once per turn this way. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it becomes Cyberse-Type until the end of this turn.
2+ monsters  If this card was Link Summoned using "Cyberse Wizard" as material (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its battle position, and if you do, negate its effects until the end of this turn. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Cyberse Wizard" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Enchanter" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 2 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gadget Token" (Cyberse-Type/LIGHT/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Cyberse Gadget" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Cyberse Tuner from your hand or GY in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters. If this Synchro Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Integrator" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Cynet Ritual". Halve all damage you take. While you control a Link Monster, your opponent's monsters cannot target your monsters for attacks, except this one, also your opponent cannot target monsters you control with card effects, except this one. If this card battles a Link Monster, it gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  While you control a Link Monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters you control for attacks, except this one, also your opponent cannot target monsters you control with card effects, except this one. Once per turn, at the start of the Damage Step, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can return that opponent's monster to the hand, also this card can make a second attack in a row.
2 Level 3 monsters  You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Cynet" Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while in its owner's control: You can Special Summon 2 Level 4 Cyberse monsters with different names from your Deck, but negate their effects. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Reminder" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate either of this card's effects, except Cyberse monsters.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster you control; increase its Level by its original Level until the end of this turn. If a monster(s) you control in the Extra Monster Zone would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only use this effect of "Cyberse Synchron" once per turn.
If you control 2 or more monsters with the same Type, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Cyberse White Hat" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can make all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
2 Cyberse monsters  This Link Summoned card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Cyberse monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by card effects. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can banish 1 Cyberse monster from your GY; add 1 Cyberse Tuner from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Cyberse Wicckid" once per turn.
2 Cyberse monsters  If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone this card points to: You can banish 1 Spell from your GY; add 1 Cyberse Ritual Monster and 1 "Cynet Ritual" from your Deck to your hand. During your Main Phase, if this effect was activated this turn (and was not negated): You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Cyberse Witch" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Attack Position opponent's monster; change it to Defense Position, and if you do, for the rest of this turn, your monsters cannot attack, except to attack that monster, and if your Cyberse monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 Tuner monster you control to Special Summon a monster from your Graveyard with the same Attribute and Level as the Tributed monster.
The most lovable and friendly of all the Vehicroids. It can arm itself with training wheels!
If this card is Normal Summoned: It is also treated as a "Destiny HERO" monster while face-up on the field. You can only use each of the following effects of "D Cubed" once per turn. ● You can discard up to 2 cards; Special Summon "D Cubed" from your hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard, equal to the number discarded, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters, except "Destiny HERO" monsters. ● If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can send 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
FLIP: You can Special Summon any number of "D-Boyz" from your Deck in face-up Attack Position, then you take 1000 damage for each monster Special Summoned by this effect.
Gifted with the power of dragons, this warrior wields a sword created from a dragon's fang.
"Des Frog" + "Des Frog" + "Des Frog" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. This card gains 500 ATK for each "Treeborn Frog" in your Graveyard.
After damage calculation, when this card is destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster: Banish that monster, also banish this card.
A monster that this card destroys as a result of battle is removed from play.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card to the Graveyard, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.
When this card on the field is removed from play, you can select 1 face-up card your opponent controls and destroy it.
There can only be 1 "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow" on the field. Your opponent cannot target other monsters you control with effects or for attacks. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. If Summoned this way, banish it when it leaves the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned, give control of it to your opponent. During each player's End Phase, your opponent selects 1 card from the Graveyard of this card's controller and removes it from play.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow", "Beast-Warrior Puma", "Phoenix Beast Gairuda", and "Ironhammer the Giant" from your hand and/or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard. You can Tribute this card to target 1 "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow", "Beast-Warrior Puma", "Phoenix Beast Gairuda" and "Ironhammer the Giant" in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets.
During the End Phase, if this card is currently banished, and was banished this turn: You can banish 1 card from your hand, field, or GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "D.D. Patrol Plane" once per turn.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is currently banished, and was banished this turn: Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position.
(Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster you control; banish it until the End Phase of the next turn. You can only use this effect of "D.D. Seeker" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card from your hand by removing from play 1 face-up monster you control. If you do, return the removed from play monster to the field during the next Standby Phase.
During the End Phase, if this card was banished while face-up, on your side of the field, this turn: Special Summon this banished card. This effect can only activate once per turn.
If this face-up card you control is banished: You can banish 1 Psychic-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck. Then, during your next Standby Phase, if this card is still banished: Special Summon that monster banished by this effect.
A poor goblin that was sucked into a different dimension. However, he's doing his best with his new destiny.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned if your opponent controls a monster(s) and you control a face-up Tuner monster(s). When this card is Special Summoned this way, you can select 1 of your removed from play Level 3 or lower non-Tuner monsters and Special Summon it. Its effect(s) are negated. You cannot Normal Summon or Set the turn you Special Summon this card.
After damage calculation, when this card battles a monster: Banish that monster, also banish this card.
After damage calculation, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can banish that monster, also banish this card.
Once per turn, you can discard 1 Spell Card to Special Summon 1 of your removed from play monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 Pendulum Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy that monster, also this card. You can only use this effect of "D/D Ark" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, except "D/D Ark", but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "D/D Ark" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 "D/D" monster you control that has a Level, except "D/D Berfomet", and declare a Level from 1 to 8; it becomes that Level until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "D/D" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 "D/D" monster you control; change its Level to 4, and if you do, it gains 400 ATK and DEF (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Pendulum Summoned from the hand, while you control a "D/D" monster other than "D/D Cerberus": You can target 1 Continuous Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]   Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, when your opponent Pendulum Summons a monster(s): You can activate this effect; this turn, that Pendulum Summoned monster(s) cannot attack, also negate its effects (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------   [ Monster Effect ]   Cannot attack unless you control another "D/D" monster. During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Pendulum Summoned monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "D/D Evil" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "D/D" monster or "Dark Contract" card in your Graveyard, except "D/D Ghost"; send 1 card from your Deck to the Graveyard with that name. If this card is banished: You can target 1 of your banished "D/D" monsters or "Dark Contract" cards, except "D/D Ghost"; return it to the Graveyard.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can send 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, except "D/D Lamia"; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "D/D Lamia" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects. You can only use this effect of "D/D Lilith" once per turn. ● Target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. ● Add 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your Graveyard, including this card. You can only use this effect of "D/D Necro Slime" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend-Type monsters. That monster's ATK and DEF become 0. If it is destroyed, you take 1000 damage.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field and 1 other "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card you control; destroy them.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When you take battle or effect damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned to your field, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend-Type monsters.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or when this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard, and you control no cards: You can draw 2 cards.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 500 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). Unless you have a "D/D" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 5.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 face-up DARK Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 "D/D" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). Unless you have a "D/D" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 5.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 face-up DARK Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, but it has its effects negated, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "D/D" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated Spell effect that would inflict damage to you, then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "D/D Savant Copernicus". You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Copernicus" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card's Pendulum Scale by 2 (max. 10), then destroy all monsters you control with a Level less than or equal to this card's Pendulum Scale, except "D/D" monsters.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card you control; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Galilei" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Reduce this card's Pendulum Scale by 2 (min. 1), then destroy all monsters you control with a Level greater than or equal to this card's Pendulum Scale, except "D/D" monsters.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Kepler" once per turn.● Target 1 other "D/D" card you control; return it to the hand.● Add 1 "Dark Contract" card from your Deck to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated Trap effect that would inflict damage to you, then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can discard this card, then target 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card in your Graveyard, except "D/D Savant Newton"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Newton" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "D/D" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "D/D/D" monster, then target 1 Level 6 or lower "D/D" monster you control; it gains 2000 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 "D/D/D" monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, place up to 2 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zones, but they cannot activate their Pendulum Effects this turn. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Nikola" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can add 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Thomas" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can target 1 "D/D" card in your Pendulum Zone; destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 8 "D/D/D" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but for the rest of this turn, its effects (if any) are negated, and any battle damage your opponent takes becomes halved. You can only use this effect of "D/D Savant Thomas" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can Fusion Summon 1 "D/D/D" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand as Fusion Materials, including this card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "D/D" monster from your hand. You can only use each effect of "D/D Swirl Slime" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Tribute 1 "D/D" monster; Special Summon 1 Level 7 "D/D/D" monster from your Deck. During your Main Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Level 8 or higher "D/D/D" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your GY, including this card. You can only use each effect of "D/D Vice Typhon" once per turn.
2 "D/D" monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "D/D" monsters, also place 2 "D/D" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Deck in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, take 1000 damage. If this Link Summoned card in its owner's control is destroyed by your opponent's attack or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "D/D" monster from your Extra Deck or GY in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "D/D/D Abyss King Gilgamesh" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can banish 2 "D/D" monsters from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During your opponent's turn, if this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can target 2 face-up Spell/Trap Cards you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend-Type monsters, also destroy the targeted cards, and if you do, Special Summon this card (this is a Quick Effect). You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Chaos King Apocalypse" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "D/D" monsters During either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; that target has its effects negated, until the next Standby Phase. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Cursed King Siegfried" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Gain 1000 LP for each "Dark Contract" card you control.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can add 1 face-up "D/D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand, except "D/D/D Destiny King Zero Laplace". You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Destiny King Zero Laplace" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "D/D/D" monster. Before damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; this card's ATK becomes double that opponent's monster's original ATK until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed, also you take no battle damage from that battle.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 "D/D" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, if a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 of those monsters; this card gains ATK equal to that monster's original ATK until the end of this turn. This card cannot attack your opponent directly during the turn this effect is activated. Cannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects that do not target this card.
If this card is in your hand: You can Tribute 1 Dragon-Type monster and 1 other Fiend-Type monster from your hand and/or your side of the field; Special Summon this card. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; this card gains 500 ATK, then you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field. This ATK increase lasts until the end of this turn.
1 "D/D/D" monster + 1 "D/D" monster If a "D/D" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can destroy all cards in the Spell & Trap Zones.
2 Level 8 "D/D" monsters After this card is Xyz Summoned, for the rest of this turn, other cards and their effects cannot be activated on the field, and other cards' effects on the field are negated. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Dark Contract" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; Set that target.
1 Level 5 or higher "D/D" monster + 1 "D/D" monster  If another "D/D" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Flame High King Genghis" once per turn. Once per your turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or its effect, is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation.
2 "D/D" monsters If another "D/D" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field, while you control this face-up card (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Flame King Genghis" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 "Dark Contract" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If 3 or more "D/D/D" monsters are on the field, this card gains 3000 ATK. If another "D/D" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Gust High King Alexander" once per turn.
1 "D/D" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If another "D/D" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field, while you control this face-up card (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Gust King Alexander" once per turn.
2 Level 5 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 4 "D/D/D" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn, during either player's turn, if you took any effect damage this turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 1000 ATK and DEF, and if it does, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can send 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card from your Deck to the Graveyard.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you Special Summon a "D/D" monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can target 1 "D/D" monster in your Graveyard; any battle damage your opponent takes becomes halved for the rest of this turn, also Special Summon that monster, and if you do, take 1000 damage. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Oblivion King Abyss Ragnarok" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "D/D/D" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Oblivion King Abyss Ragnarok" once per turn. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other "D/D" monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.
2 "D/D" monsters Any effect that would inflict damage to you makes you gain that much LP, instead.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When you take effect damage (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy this card, and if you do, any effect that would inflict damage to a player this turn increases their LP by the same amount, instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When you take effect damage (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, gain LP equal to the damage you took. You take no effect damage.
2 Level 3 Fiend-Type monsters  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Dark Contract" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; make this card unable to be destroyed by that battle, destroy the opponent's monster that battled it after damage calculation, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can target 1 "D/D/D" Synchro Monster you control; destroy as many monsters your opponent controls as possible with DEF less than or equal to the targeted monster's ATK, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  1 "D/D" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner "D/D/D" monsters  Your opponent cannot target monsters you control with card effects. If another monster is Normal or Special Summoned while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can make your opponent choose 1 Pendulum Monster they control, and all other monsters they currently control have their effects negated. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have a "D/D" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can Special Summon 1 "D/D/D" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except "D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon".  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  2 Level 8 "D/D/D" monsters  Cannot be Pendulum Summoned. When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can attach 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to this card as material. Pendulum Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target monsters your opponent controls, equal to the number of Pendulum Monsters you control; destroy them. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, before damage calculation, if your "D/D/D" Fusion Monster battles an opponent's monster: You can make that opponent's monster lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  2 "D/D/D" monsters  You can target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK. You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon" once per turn. Before damage calculation, if an opponent's monster battles: You can make its ATK become equal to its original ATK until the end of the Damage Step. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change its DEF to 0 until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "D/D/D Supersight King Zero Maxwell" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Before damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent's Defense Position monster: You can change the DEF of the opponent's monster to 0 until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card.
If this card is Pendulum Summoned: All face-up cards your opponent currently controls have their effects negated, until the end of this turn. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Pendulum Summoned this turn: You can target up to 2 cards in your Spell & Trap Zones; destroy them, and if you do, for each destroyed card, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
2 Level 6 Fiend monsters  When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that includes an effect that Special Summons a monster (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can make 1 other "D/D" monster you control and this card gain 1800 ATK until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Dark Contract" card from your Deck to your hand.
2 Level 4 Fiend-Type monsters During either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; at the end of the Battle Phase, Special Summon from your Graveyard as many monsters destroyed this turn as possible, but during the next Standby Phase, take 1000 damage for each monster Special Summoned by this effect. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Dark Contract" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "D/D/D Wave King Caesar" once per turn.
2 "D/D/D" monsters Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving this card: You can target 1 other "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, equip 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to this card, except the battling monster. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned, it is changed to Defense Position. Face-up "Ice Barrier" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by Spell or Trap Card effects.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Gusto" monsters Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can banish 1 WIND monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-down card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 3 monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. ● Target 1 non-Effect Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Gusto" monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: All "Gusto" monsters currently on the field gain 600 ATK.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Gusto" monsters Once per turn: You can shuffle 2 "Gusto" monsters from your Graveyard into the Main Deck to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
2 Level 2 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up WIND monster you control; this turn, it can attack twice during each Battle Phase.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Gusto" monsters  When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 "Gusto" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. Your opponent takes any Battle Damage you would have taken from battles involving a face-up "Gusto" monster you control. This card cannot be destroyed by battle.
You can only control 1 "Dakki, the Graceful Mayakashi". When a "Mayakashi" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field from the Extra Deck, while this card is in the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except "Mayakashi" monsters.
During your opponent's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that would inflict damage, you can remove from play this card in your Graveyard to change that effect so it increases Life Points by the same amount instead.
When you take damage from a card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, gain Life Points equal to the amount of damage you took.
Once per turn, if you control another face-up "Ice Barrier" monster, you can reveal any number of "Ice Barrier" monsters in your hand to select an equal number of Set Spell/Trap cards your opponent controls. Return the selected Set Spell/Trap cards your opponent controls to the hand.
Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of a "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. "Nekroz" Ritual Monsters you control cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can target 1 of your banished "Necroz" monsters, except "Dance Princess of the Nekroz"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dance Princess of the Nekroz" once per turn.
An elf that dances across the sky with wings of razor-sharp blades.
As long as this card remains in face-up Defense Position on your side of the field, increase your Life Points by 1000 points during each of your Standby Phases.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 2 "Fluff Tokens" (Plant-Type/WIND/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon during the turn they are Special Summoned.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not “Danger! Bigfoot!”, Special Summon 1 “Danger! Bigfoot!” from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card.  If this card is discarded: you can target one face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of “Danger! Bigfoot!” once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not “Danger! Chupacabra!”, Special Summon 1 “Danger! Chupacabra!” from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card.  If this card is discarded: you can target one “Danger!” monster in your graveyard, except “Danger! Chupacabra!”; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of “Danger! Chupacabra!” once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Dogman!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Dogman!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can have all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Danger! Dogman!" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Mothman!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Mothman!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can have both players draw 1 card, then both players discard 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Danger! Mothman!" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not “Danger! Nessie!”, Special Summon 1 “Danger! Nessie!” from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card.  If this card is discarded: you can add one “Danger!” card from your Deck to your hand, except “Danger! Nessie!”. You can only use this effect of “Danger! Nessie!” once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Ogopogo!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Ogopogo!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can send 1 "Danger!" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Danger! Ogopogo!". You can only use this effect of "Danger! Ogopogo!" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger! Thunderbird!", Special Summon 1 "Danger! Thunderbird!" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Danger! Thunderbird!" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not “Danger!? Jackalope?”, Special Summon 1 “Danger!? Jackalope?” from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card.  If this card is discarded: you can Special Summon one “Danger!” monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except “Danger!? Jackalope?” You can only use this effect of “Danger!? Jackalope?” once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card from your entire hand, then you discard the chosen card. Then, if the discarded card was not "Danger!? Tsuchinoko?", Special Summon 1 "Danger!? Tsuchinoko?" from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is discarded: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Danger!? Tsuchinoko?" once per turn.
1 "Edge Imp" monster + 2 "Fluffal" monsters  Gains 300 ATK for each Fairy and Fiend monster in your GY during your turn only. When this Fusion Summoned card destroys a monster by battle: You can send "Frightfur", "Fluffal", and/or "Edge Imp" monsters from your Deck to the GY, equal to the destroyed monster's Level. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Frightfur" monster from your Extra Deck; negate that effect.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Insect-Type monster with 1000 DEF or less from your Deck to your hand.
3 "Burning Abyss" monsters with different names Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can send 1 "Burning Abyss" card from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 1 card. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You can send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and choose a number from 1 to 3, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; until the end of this turn, this card gains 500 ATK for each card sent to the Graveyard this way. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Burning Abyss" card in your Graveyard, except this card; add it to your hand.
When your Fairy monster is targeted for an attack: You can Tribute it and send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster you control; change the attack target to your targeted monster, and if you do, it gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster, until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve its original ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  2 Level 7 monsters  If you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, its ATK becomes half its current ATK, and if it does, this card gains that lost ATK. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 3 DARK monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
2+ Level 7 monsters  Once per turn, if you have exactly 5 DARK monsters in your GY, you can also Xyz Summon "Dark Armed, the Dragon of Annihilation" by using 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Dragon monster you control as material. You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it, then banish 1 card from your GY, also, this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn.
If this card is being attacked by a LIGHT monster, its DEF is halved during damage calculation only.
Armed with the Psycho Sword, this sinister assassin rules the bad land.
"Possessed Dark Soul" + "Frontier Wiseman" A Fusion Summon of this monster can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. When a Normal Spell Card is activated, negate the effect by paying 1000 Life Points. The effect of an Effect Monster that this monster destroys as a result of battle is negated.
Bats from the netherworld that use their hyper senses to detect their enemies.
They say he is a dragon-manipulating warrior from the dark world. His attack is tremendous, using his great swords with vicious power.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard to target 1 Level 4 or lower LIGHT monster your opponent controls; equip it to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) If this card on the field would be destroyed, the monster equipped to it with this effect is destroyed, instead.
"Dark Blade" + "Pitch-Dark Dragon" Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can select up to 3 Monster Cards from your opponent's Graveyard and remove them from play.
When this card is Normal Summoned, select and Special Summon 1 Level 3 Tuner monster from your Graveyard. The effect(s) of that monster is negated.
FLIP: Return 2 Monster Cards on your opponent's side of the field and 1 Monster Card on your side of the field to their owners' hands.
During your Standby Phase, if this card is in Defense Position, put 1 counter on this card. You can remove from play a number of card(s) in your Graveyard equal to the number of counters on this card to destroy that many Spell or Trap Card(s) on the field. Then remove all counter(s) from this card.
"Dark Magician" + 1 Warrior monster  Gains 100 ATK for each Spell/Trap on the field and in the GYs. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. When a card or effect is activated that targets a card(s) on the field (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
A fire-breathing monster that dwells in the netherworld.
You can send 1 DARK monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains 400 ATK.
When this card is removed from play, you can select 1 Level 4 or lower Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Insect-Type monster This card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this card declares an attack, if the ATK of the attack target is higher than this card: The ATK of the attack target becomes equal to this face-up card's current ATK. This change lasts until the end of the Battle Phase. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Send the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND monsters you control gain 200 ATK and DEF for every different Attribute among the monsters you control.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can choose 4 monsters from your Deck (1 EARTH, 1 WATER, 1 FIRE, and 1 WIND), then place them on the top of the Deck in any order.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Destroy all other face-up monsters on the field.
If you Tribute Summon a DARK Normal Monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.
This card requires a cost of 1000 of your own Life Points to attack.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner DARK monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; this card loses 500 ATK and DEF, and you send that target to the Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Dark Magician", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Each time a Normal Spell Card is activated, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent immediately after it resolves.
"Dark Magician" + "Flame Swordsman" You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Mirage Knight" from your hand or Deck.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Machine-Type monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 "Reactor" monster or "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, ignoring its Summoning conditions. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or lower Machine-Type monster from your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 "Cubic" monster you control to the Graveyard. If Summoned this way, this card gains 1000 ATK. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target up to 2 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Blade Garoodia the Cubic Beast" from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Negate any Spell effects that target a face-up DARK monster(s) you control and if you do, destroy that Spell Card. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add 1 Level 4 DARK monster from your Deck to your hand. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Entirely gray, this beast has rarely been seen by mortal eyes.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster. Once per turn: You can discard 1 DARK monster; send 1 DARK monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
1 Fiend-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Fiend-Type monsters Neither player can Synchro Summon. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls that is equipped with an Equip Card; destroy all Equip Cards equipped to that monster, and if you do, inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed.
Once per turn, after resolving a Spell Card that was activated during your opponent's Main Phase: You can target 1 Level 4 DARK monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
This card's effect changes depending on the number of DARK monsters in your Graveyard. ● 1 or fewer: This card loses 400 ATK. ● 2 to 4: This card gains 400 ATK. ● 5 or more: You can send this card to the Graveyard to destroy all face-down monsters your opponent controls.
When this card is Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 800 ATK.
It's said that this King of the Netherworld once had the power to rule over the dark.
The effects of your opponent's monsters that this card destroys by battle are negated. During your next Standby Phase after this card destroys a monster by battle, by sending this card to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Dark Lucius LV6" from your hand or Deck.
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Dark Lucius LV4", the effects of your opponent's monsters that this card destroys by battle are negated. During your next Standby Phase after this card has negated your opponent's monster effect, by sending this card to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Dark Lucius LV8" from your hand or Deck.
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Dark Lucius LV6", your opponent's monsters that this card destroys by battle are removed from play, and their effects are negated.
The ultimate wizard in terms of attack and defense.
This card gains 300 ATK for every "Dark Magician" or "Magician of Black Chaos" in either player's Graveyard.
"Dark Magician Girl" + 1 Dragon-Type monster Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials or with "The Eye of Timaeus", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Knight's Title" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
During the End Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dark Magician of Chaos" once per turn. If this card destroys  an opponent's monster by battle, after damage calculation: Banish that opponent's monster. If this face-up card would leave the field, banish it instead.
"Dark Magician" + 1 Dragon monster  This card's name becomes "Dark Magician" while on the field or in the GY. Your opponent cannot target Spells/Traps you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
"Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl" + 1 Spellcaster monster  Once per turn, if a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can draw 1 card, and if you drew a Spell/Trap, you can Set it, and if it is a Quick-Play Spell or Trap, it can be activated this turn. If this card is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" and 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your hand, Deck, and/or GY.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Contract with the Dark Master". Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, then destroy all monsters your opponent controls if you roll 1 or 2, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls if you roll 3, 4 or 5, or destroy all monsters you control if you roll 6.
FLIP: Draw 1 card. During your Standby Phase: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Dark Mimic LV3" from your hand or Deck.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card, but if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Dark Mimic LV1", draw 2 cards instead.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 Fiend-Type monsters from your Graveyard. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed by an opponent's card this turn (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard while it was a Monster Card under your control: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, take control of that monster.
If you have 3 or more DARK monsters in your Graveyard and this card in your hand: You can banish 2 of them from your Graveyard; send this card from your hand to the Graveyard. During your next Standby Phase after this card was sent to the Graveyard by this effect: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. When this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
"Dark Magician" + "Buster Blader" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. This card gains 500 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster on the field or in either player's Graveyard.
This mutant flower draws its power from pollutants and the dark forces.
This monster bends light to hide its image from the eyes of opponents.
He leaps up, down, and all around! Nobody can lay a hand on this funny bunny.
2 Level 4 monsters You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its current ATK, and if it does, this card gains that lost ATK.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 2 Spell Counters on it. Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. This card gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card; Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
3 Level 5 monsters If this card has "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" as Xyz Material, it gains these effects. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to that monster's original ATK. ● During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Special Summon 1 Xyz Monster from your Graveyard.
The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed.
If a Tuner(s) is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 card from your hand or field to the GY; place this card on either the top or bottom of your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Dark Rose Fairy" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with Fiend-Type monsters you control.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand or Deck) by Tributing 1 "Dark Magician" immediately after applying the effect of "Time Wizard" in which you called the coin toss right. When Special Summoned this way: Add 1 Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Target 1 card on the field; return that target to the hand. ● Look at the top card of their Deck, then return it to the top or bottom of the Deck.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target. ● Send the top 2 cards of their Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the top of the Deck. ● Send the top card of their Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Add 1 "Dark Scorpion" card from your Deck to your hand. ● Target 1 "Dark Scorpion" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent sends 1 Spell Card from their Deck to the Graveyard.
A crystal monster that unleashes a brilliant light to blind enemies.
While face-up on the field, this card is also WIND-Attribute. You can banish 1 DARK monster and 1 WIND monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can banish 1 DARK monster and 1 WIND monster from your hand; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. Your opponent cannot Set any cards on the field.
Once per turn, you can increase the Level of 1 face-up Insect-Type monster you control by 2, until the End Phase.
If your opponent's monster attacks, at the start of the Damage Step: You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Level 8 Fiend monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, and if you do, change the attack target to it and perform damage calculation. If a Level 8 Fiend monster(s) is sent to your GY while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dark Spirit of Banishment" once per turn.
When your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Level 8 Fiend monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated. If a Level 8 Fiend monster(s) is sent to your GY while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Dark Spirit of Malice" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During your Main Phase 1: You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Tributed monster's Level on the field x 200. You can only use this effect of "Dark Strike Fighter" once per turn.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, also monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Dark Summoning Beast" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", or “Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" from your Deck to your hand.
3 monsters with different names  If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, even during the Damage Step: You can Special Summon as many Level 4 or lower "@Ignister" monsters from your GY as possible to your zones this card points to, but negate their effects. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Dark Templar @Ignister" once per turn.
When this card you control is sent to the Graveyard, look at the top card of your Deck. Return that card to either the top or the bottom of the Deck.
A fiend said to dwell in the world of dreams, it attacks enemies in their sleep.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once, while this card is face-up on the field: You can place 1 Spell Counter on it. This card gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
When a Plant-Type Tuner monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Attack Position.
After 1 Counter Trap Card you control has been activated and has resolved, you can Tribute 1 DARK monster to Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned in this way, destroy 1 card on the field.
A popular creature in mythology that delivers fatal attacks with a sharp spear.
If this is the only Monster Card in your control during your Standby Phase, it is changed to Defense Position. You cannot change the position of this card during the same turn.
FLIP: Target 1 monster on the field; it cannot attack while this card is face-up on the field.
The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When an Archfiend Monster Card on your side of the field is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 1, 3, or 6, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: Its ATK and DEF become double its original ATK and DEF. If this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.
Your opponent cannot Tribute this face-up card on the field, and cannot target it with card effects. You can only use each of these effects of "Darkest Diabolos, Lord of the Lair" once per turn.  ●If a DARK monster you control is Tributed (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your GY (if it was there when you Tributed) or hand (even if not).  ●You can Tribute 1 DARK monster; your opponent places 1 card from their hand on either the top or bottom of the Deck.
"Firegrass" + "Petit Dragon"
An explosive expert from a special elite force.
A warrior who gained immeasurable power from the heart of a volcano.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand and 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, then target 1 card in either Graveyard; banish that target.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can have all face-up monsters you currently control gain 1 Level, also, they become DARK (these effects last until the End Phase).
You can discard this card and 1 "Darklord" card, then target 1 "Darklord" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. During either player's turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Darklord" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; apply that target's effect, then shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Darklord Amdusc" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Darklord Amdusc(s)" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck or Graveyard. Once per turn: You can send 1 Fairy-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card you control is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Asmo Token" (Fairy-Type/DARK/Level 5/ATK 1800/DEF 1300) and 1 "Deus Token" (Fairy-Type/DARK/Level 3/ATK 1200/DEF 1200). "Asmo Token" cannot be destroyed by card effects. "Deus Token" cannot be destroyed by battle.
Cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Fairy-Type monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; this card loses exactly 1000 ATK, and if it does, send that target to the Graveyard.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard, it gains this effect. ● If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
You can discard this card and 1 "Darklord" card; draw 2 cards. During either player's turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Darklord" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; apply that target's effect, then shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Darklord Ixchel" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Darklord Ixchel(s)" once per turn.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You gain 200 LP. This card must be in the Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card is Tribute Summoned: You can Special Summon "Darklord" monsters from your hand and/or Deck, up to the number of Effect Monsters your opponent controls. While you control another "Darklord" monster, your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. Once per turn: You can send cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, equal to the number of "Darklord" monsters on the field, and if you do, gain 500 LP for each "Darklord" card sent to the Graveyard by this effect.
You can discard 2 other "Darklord" cards; Special Summon this card from your hand. During either player's turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Darklord" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; apply that target's effect, then shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Darklord Nasten" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Darklord Nasten(s)" once per turn.
Any effect that would make your opponent gain LP inflicts the same amount of damage to them, instead.
When this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: You can target 1 Fairy-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Darklord Superbia"; Special Summon that target.
If a "Darklord" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can discard this card instead. During either player's turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Darklord" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; apply that target's effect, then shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Darklord Tezcatlipoca" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Darklord Tezcatlipoca(s)" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Darklord" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Darklord Ukoback" once per turn.
If you have 4 or more DARK monsters with different names in your Graveyard, you can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 DARK monster. You can send 1 DARK monster from your hand to the Graveyard; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this effect was activated this turn: Destroy this card.
Cannot be Special Summoned. This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
2+ Effect Monsters with the same Type and Attribute  You can target 1 of your monsters that is banished or in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to, in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, also you cannot Special Summon Link Monsters for the rest of this turn, and the Summoned monster is placed on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Darkness Metal, the Dragon of Dark Steel" once per turn.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending 1 Fiend-Type monster you control and 1 Fiend-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard when your opponent's monster declares an attack. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, you can return all face-up Trap Cards you control to the hand.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard; draw 1 card. This card gains 100 ATK for each DARK monster in your Graveyard.
When this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, the owner of this card draws 1 card.
If this card is used for a Synchro Summon and sent to the Graveyard, the owner of this card draws 1 card.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once per turn: You can send 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
2 Level 4 "tellarknight" monsters All face-up monsters on the field become DARK. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and discard 1 card; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 LIGHT "tellarknight" Xyz Monster by using this face-up card you control as the Xyz Material, also you cannot Xyz Summon other monsters for the rest of this turn. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to this card also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) This effect can be activated during either player's turn, if you have 7 or more "tellarknight" monsters with different names in your Graveyard.
A thorny plant found in the darklands that wraps itself around any unwary traveler.
(Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from an Xyz Monster you control, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. If an Xyz Monster you control would detach its material(s) to activate an effect, except the turn this card was sent to the GY, you can banish this card from your GY instead of detaching 1 material. You can only use each effect of "Daruma Otoshi" once per turn.
If this card attacks, it gains 1200 ATK during the Damage Step only.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Data Acorn Token" (Cyberse/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Datacorn" once per turn.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can send 1 LIGHT monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard: Target 1 LIGHT monster in your Graveyard; place that target on the top of your Deck. You can only use 1 "Dawn Knight" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● The original DEF of this card becomes 2300.
2 Spellcaster monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it. Gains 300 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can only use each of the following effects of "Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior" once per turn.  ● If a Spellcaster monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to: Place 1 Spell Counter on this card.  ● You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Daybreaker" from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 monster with 500 or less ATK in your GY; Special Summon that target in Attack Position, but it has its effects negated. Cannot be used as Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a Dragon monster. The other Synchro Material(s) cannot be Level 4.
When this card is Normal Summoned successfully, you can Special Summon 1 "Zombie Tiger" from your hand. If this card successfully attacks your opponent's Life Points directly, your opponent discards 1 card randomly from his/her hand.
2+ Effect Monsters  Gains 500 ATK for each monster it points to. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a card(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
2+ Effect Monsters  This card's name becomes "Decode Talker" while on the field. Gains 500 ATK for each monster it points to. During your Battle Phase, if a monster this card points to is destroyed by battle or sent to the GY: This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
If this card is targeted for an attack: Target 1 Level 7 or higher Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, change the attack target to it and perform damage calculation.
While this card is face-up on your side of the field, your opponent cannot select a face-up monster as an attack target except "Decoyroid".
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Choose 1 Monster Card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Sea Serpent-Type monster from your Deck.
You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
When a face-up "Blue-Eyes" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, and you have a Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, inflict 600 damage to your opponent for each Dragon-Type monster with different names in your Graveyard. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Target 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; this card's ATK becomes equal to that monster's. If this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 other Machine-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, all face-up WATER monsters you control gain 500 ATK until the end of this turn.
"Bottom Dweller" + "Tongyo"
As long as "Umi" is face-up on the field, this card is unaffected by any Spell Cards.
You can discard 1 other Cyberse monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Defcon Bird" once per turn. Once per turn, when your Cyberse monster is targeted for an attack: You can have that monster's ATK/DEF become double its original ATK (until the end of the Damage Step), then, if that monster is in Attack Position, you can change it to Defense Position.
Once per turn, if you would take damage from an opponent's card effect, place 1 Defect Counter on this card instead (max. 1). Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 Defect Counter from this card, then target 1 Cyberse monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.
During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Nephthys" monster from your hand, except "Defender of Nephthys". During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can destroy 1 "Nephthys" monster in your Deck, except "Defender of Nephthys". You can only use each effect of "Defender of Nephthys" once per turn.
While you control another face-up "Ice Barrier" monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot declare an attack if their ATK is greater than or equal to this card's DEF.
2 Normal Monsters  All non-Effect Monsters you control gain 500 ATK, also all Effect Monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can target 1 non-Effect Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Defender of the Labyrinth" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it (max. 1). Once per turn, if a Spellcaster-Type monster(s) on the field would be destroyed, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from your side of the field for each of those monsters instead.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 other monster from your hand to the GY. You can only Special Summon "Defrag Dragon" once per turn this way. If this card is in the GY: You can banish 3 monsters from your GY with the same name, except "Defrag Dragon"; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Defrag Dragon" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 Cyberse monsters from your GY. You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with higher ATK than this card (Quick Effect); banish it until the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Degrade Buster" once per turn.
FLIP: Draw 1 card, then draw 1 additional card for each face-up "Bokoichi the Freightening Car" you control.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target(s), then send the same number of cards from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard. This card cannot attack during the turn it is Normal or Special Summoned.
Once per turn, you can select 1 other face-up monster you control and increase its Level by 1.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 3 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monsters from your Graveyard, except "Delta The Magnet Warrior"; Special Summon 1 "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only use each effect of "Delta The Magnet Warrior" once per turn.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, select and activate 1 of these effects:  ● Select 1 appropriate Union monster in your Graveyard and equip it to this card.  ● Select 1 face-up LIGHT Machine-Type monster you control, and return it to the Deck. Then draw 1 card.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Cycle of the World". This card’s name becomes "Demise, King of Armageddon" while in the hand or on the field. If this card is Ritual Summoned: Destroy 1 face-up monster on the field. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-up Ritual Monster you control; while it is face-up on your field, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of your Ritual Monsters' effects.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "End of the World". You can pay 2000 Life Points to destroy all cards on the field, except this card.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Endless of the World". This card's name becomes "Demise, King of Armageddon" while on the field or in the hand. While this Ritual Summoned card is on the field, your Ritual Monsters cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card was Ritual Summoned using only Ritual Monsters, you do not pay LP to activate its effects. Once per turn: You can pay 2000 LP; destroy as many other cards on the field as possible, and if you do, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card on their field destroyed by this effect.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Yang Zing" card from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can send 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; this card's Level becomes the sent monster's. If this face-up card leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck. You can only Special Summon "Denglong, First of the Yang Zing(s)" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned. While you control no Set Spells/Traps, neither player can Set Spells/Traps nor activate Spell/Trap Cards that are Set on the field.
If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: This card's ATK becomes double its current ATK until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Vampire Orchis" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, each time the equipped monster destroys 1 of your opponent's monsters, Special Summon 1 "Wicked Plant Token" (Plant-Type/EARTH/1 Star/ATK 800/DEF 800). (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
FLIP: Target 1 card in your Graveyard; shuffle that target into the Deck.
When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can Special Summon "Des Frog"(s) from your hand or Deck up to the number of "T.A.D.P.O.L.E."(s) in your Graveyard.
If the ATK of a monster that attacks this monster is lower than the DEF of this card, destroy the attacking monster. (Damage calculation is applied normally.)
FLIP: Inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Draw 1 card.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 2 counters on it. It gains 500 ATK for each of these counters. If this card would be destroyed by battle, remove 1 of these counters instead.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. Each time a Normal or Quick-Play Spell Card resolves, this card gains 200 ATK until the end of this turn.
Any damage to you from a card effect becomes 0.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: The turn player discards 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Desert Locusts" once per turn. Once per Chain, during your opponent's Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control.
This card gains 300 DEF for each Spell and Trap Card on the field. If an Insect-Type monster you control would be destroyed, you can destroy this card instead.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 1 EARTH and 2 WIND monsters from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
FLIP: Flip 1 face-up monster on the field into face-down Defense Position. You cannot select "Desertapir".
This card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Machine-Type monster you control. If 2 or more Machine-Type monsters are Special Summoned at the same time while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Deskbot" card from your Deck to your hand. All Machine-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF, except this card.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Deskbot" monster from your Deck, except "Deskbot 003". Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 "Deskbot" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK and DEF for each "Deskbot" card you currently control, until the end of this turn.
If this card battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can activate this effect once per battle; your opponent takes no battle damage for the rest of this turn, also send 1 "Deskbot" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Deskbot 004", and if you do, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the sent monster's Level x 500, during damage calculation only. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 2 "Deskbot" monsters with different Levels from your hand and/or Graveyard in Defense Position.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Deskbot" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up "Deskbot" monster in your Extra Deck. If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 "Deskbot" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Deskbot 005" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Deskbot" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position. This card gain 500 ATK for each face-up "Deskbot" monster in your Extra Deck. If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 "Deskbot" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Deskbot 006" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Deskbot" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  This card gains 500 ATK for each "Deskbot" card in your Graveyard. Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Deskbot" monsters for attacks, except this one. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Deskbot" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  This card gains 500 ATK for each "Deskbot" card in your Graveyard. Your opponent cannot target face-up "Deskbot" cards with card effects, except this one. This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can make this card gain ATK equal to the combined ATK of all "Deskbot" monsters you currently control, except "Deskbot 009", until the end of your opponent's turn. Only this card can attack the turn this effect is activated. If this card battles, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Deskbot" card you control instead.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each "Deskbot" card on the field. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Deskbot Jet" per turn, and only once that turn. ● You can target 1 "Deskbot" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Deskbot" monster from your Deck. ● You can target 1 "Deskbot" card you control and 1 face-up card on the field; destroy them.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower Beast monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is sent from your hand or Deck to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon this card.
If a face-up DARK Machine monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, during the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can toss a coin 3 times; destroy face-up monsters on the field, up to the number of heads, then if the result was 3 heads, draw 1 card. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Level 7 or lower monster that has a coin tossing effect, from your Deck to your hand.
The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 3, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. When a "Terrorking Archfiend" on your side of the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon the "Terrorking Archfiend".
"Destiny HERO - Plasma" + "Destiny HERO - Dogma" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Materials. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, and if it was face-up, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK it had on the field. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Destiny HERO" card from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
During your opponent's Battle Phase: You can discard this card; all face-up "Destiny HERO" monsters you control gain 800 ATK until the End Phase.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster in your Graveyard that was destroyed by battle since your last Standby Phase, if you controlled this face-up card when the target was destroyed; Special Summon that target.
When this card declares an attack: You can target 1 face-up Spell Card your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. While you have no cards in your hand, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card and 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Graveyard; draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Celestial" once per turn.
1 "Destiny HERO" monster + 1 DARK Effect Monster  (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; send 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand or Deck to the GY, and if you do, "Destiny HERO" monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each "Destiny HERO" monster in your GY until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Dangerous" once per turn.
If you have 3 or more "Destiny HERO" monsters in your Graveyard: You can discard this card, then target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it to your opponent's field in Defense Position. When a Spell Card or effect you activate resolves, negate that effect, and if you do, or if it did not have an effect, destroy that card. During your Standby Phase: You can banish this card and 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Graveyard; each player chooses 1 Normal Spell Card from their Deck, and places it on top of their Deck.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other monster; this card gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. If this card attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. One time only, when you draw a Monster Card during your Draw Phase while this card is in your Graveyard: You can reveal it; Special Summon it. This card must be in the Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
Level 6 or higher monsters your opponent controls cannot target this card for attacks. You can only use each of the following effects of "Destiny HERO - Decider" once per Duel. ● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "HERO" monster from your Graveyard to your hand during the End Phase of this turn. ● During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to you, while this card is in your Graveyard: Return this card to your hand, and if you do, make that effect damage to you 0.
During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: Your opponent draws 1 card. This card must be in face-up Defense Position to activate and to resolve this effect.
During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position to your opponent's side of the field. If this card is destroyed by battle, banish it instead of sending it to the Graveyard. If a card effect would send this card to the Graveyard from the hand or Deck, banish it instead.
Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Normal Spell Card, send it to the Graveyard, otherwise place it on the bottom of your Deck. During the Main Phase of your next turn, you can activate the effect of that Spell Card in your Graveyard (even if you no longer control this face-up card).
Cannot be Special Summoned from the GY the turn this card was sent to the GY. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Disk Commander" once per Duel.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters, including at least 1 "Destiny HERO" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If you still control this face-up card during your opponent's next Standby Phase after you Special Summoned it this way: Halve your opponent's LP.
3 "Destiny HERO" monsters  During your Main Phase: You can look at the top 5 cards of your Deck or your opponent's Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can draw 1 card. If this Fusion Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 3 Level 9 or lower "Destiny HERO" monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Destiny HERO - Dominance" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish that target. You cannot declare an attack the turn you activate this effect. You must control this face-up Attack Position card to activate and to resolve this effect. The banished monster returns to the opponent's side of the field, in the same battle position, during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.
Cannot be Special Summoned. This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. During your Standby Phase, if this card was destroyed since your last Standby Phase: You can Special Summon 2 "Double Dude Tokens" (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000). This card must be in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "HERO" monster: You can have each player draw 1 card. During the next Standby Phase after this card was sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Destiny HERO - Drawhand" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Clock Counter on "Clock Tower Prison". When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card you control; destroy that target.
If this card is Special Summoned by "Clock Tower Prison": Destroy all monsters you control, except face-up "Destiny HERO" monsters, then you can Special Summon up to 2 "Destiny HERO" monsters from your Graveyard. During any turn this card is Special Summoned, "Destiny HERO" monsters you control cannot be destroyed, and you take no Battle Damage when they battle. The ATK and DEF of this card are equal to the combined original ATK of all other "Destiny HERO" monsters you control.
During damage calculation, if your "Destiny HERO" monster battles and this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, make that monster unable to be destroyed by that battle, and if you do, you take no battle damage from that battle. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Dreamer" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand with ATK less than or equal to this card's ATK on the field. You can only use this effect of "Destiny HERO - Drilldark" once per turn. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
You can send 1 "Destiny HERO" card from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
1 "Destiny HERO" Fusion Monster + 1 "Destiny HERO" monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster on the field; make it unable to be destroyed by battle or card effects, and if you do, neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving that monster (these effects last until the end of this turn.)
During damage calculation (in either player's turn) when you would take battle damage: You can discard this card; make yourself take no battle damage from that battle, and if you do, each player takes 1000 damage. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of your opponent's next turn.
2 "Destiny HERO" monsters If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster in your Graveyard; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that target's ATK. During either player's turn, if this card's current ATK is different from its original ATK (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, this card's ATK becomes equal to this card's original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Destiny HERO - Dystopia" once per turn.
During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard because it was destroyed by battle and sent there since your last Standby Phase: Target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster in your Graveyard, except a "Destiny HERO - Fear Monger"; Special Summon that target.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Destiny HERO - Malicious" from your Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Negate the effects of face-up monsters while your opponent controls them. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card (you can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect). This card gains ATK equal to half the original ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect.
A golem with a massive right hand for crushing its victims.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Jurassic World" from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-WIND monsters.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Ring of Destruction". Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. Then, if it was a Monster Card, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
During the End Phase, if this card is the only Psychic-Type monster you control: Destroy it. You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
If this card is in your hand or GY: You can pay half your LP, then target 1 Level 6 or lower monster you control; Special Summon this card, and if you do, this card's Level is reduced by the Level of the targeted monster, also place this card on the bottom of the Deck if it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Destrudo the Lost Dragon's Frisson" once per turn.
2+ Cyberse monsters  Once per turn, at the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a face-up monster that is not a Link-3 or higher Link Monster: You can destroy that monster. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this face-down monster (Quick Effect): You can change this card to face-up Defense Position; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card was flipped face-up, negate the activated effects of monsters your opponent controls. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 Level 9 monster from your Deck to your hand with a different original Type and Attribute than this card's. You can only use this effect of "Deus X-Krawler" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Rebirth of Nephthys". You can only use each of the following effects of "Devotee of Nephthys" once per turn.  ● If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can activate this effect; Special Summon 1 "Nephthys" monster from your Deck, also during the End Phase of this turn, destroy this card.  ● If this card is in the GY: You can destroy 1 "Nephthys" card in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon this card.
If the only face-up monsters you control are Level 2 or lower monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner WATER monsters Once per turn, you can return any number of face-up cards you control to the owner's hand. For each card returned to the owner's hand by this effect, this card gains 500 ATK until the End Phase.
2+ Level 6 monsters  If you use a monster(s), with a Level, that is owned by your opponent for the Xyz Summon of this card, treat it as Level 6. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; send it to the GY. Once per turn, if a Monster Card(s) is sent from the field to your opponent's GY by a card effect, or a monster is destroyed by battle and sent to your opponent's GY: You can detach 1 material from this card; Special Summon 1 of those monsters to your field in Defense Position.
FLIP: Take control of 1 DARK monster your opponent controls, while this card remains face-up on the field.
A monstrous creature whose body is fitted with cannons that never miss their targets.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can reveal 1 Pendulum Monster from your hand, then target 1 "Magician" card in your Pendulum Zone; that target's Pendulum Scale becomes the same as the revealed Pendulum Monster's, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  While this Pendulum Summoned card is on the field, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects during the turn this card was Pendulum Summoned.
Cannot be Special Summoned. If you Tribute Summon this card, the Tributes must be DARK. Cannot be Tributed by card effects while face-up on the field. Once per turn, during your opponent's Draw Phase, before their normal draw: Look at the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, place that card on either the top or bottom of their Deck.
When this card declares an attack: It gains 600 ATK. During either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses ATK equal to this card's current ATK until the end of this turn, then banish this card until the Standby Phase of the next turn. You can only use this effect of "Diabound Kernel" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster you control and 1 other card on the field; destroy them.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT monster from your GY. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: Gain 1000 LP.
An armadillo monster that rolls up to form a dice-like shape.
FLIP: Both players roll a six-sided die. The player with the lowest result takes damage equal to their opponent's roll x 500. However, if the winner rolled a 6, the loser takes 6000 damage. If the rolls are the same, both players roll again.
Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, then apply the result. ●1: Look at your opponent's hand, also discard 1 card from their hand. ●2, 3, 4, 5: Discard 1 card. ●6: Discard your entire hand.
This card cannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects that do not target it. This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has 1900 or less ATK.
This beast coils like a snake, and strikes quickly with its snapping beak.
Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of an Insect-Type monster. Once per turn, when this face-up card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 Insect-Type monster from your Deck in Defense Position. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ●This card can attack all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls once each.
Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of an Insect-Type monster. Once per turn, if this card is in Attack Position: You can target 1 Level 3 Insect-Type monster in your Graveyard; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon that monster in Defense Position. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step.
2 or more Level 5 LIGHT Insect-Type monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by detaching 2 Xyz Materials from a Rank 3 or 4 Insect-Type Xyz Monster you control, then using that Xyz Monster as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck. Once per turn, if the battle position of a monster(s) on the field is changed (except during the Damage Step): You can attach 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard to this card as Xyz Material.
Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of an Insect-Type monster. Once per turn, when this face-up card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position: You can add 1 Level 3 Insect-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● When this card destroys a monster by battle, draw 1 card.
2 or more Level 7 LIGHT Insect-Type monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by detaching 2 Xyz Materials from a Rank 5 or 6 Insect-Type Xyz Monster you control, then using that Xyz Monster as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy the face-up monster(s) your opponent controls with the highest DEF (all, if tied).
2 or more Level 3 LIGHT Insect-Type monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its battle position, and if you do, it has its effects negated until the end of this turn. Once per turn, when this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can attach that destroyed monster to this card as Xyz Material.
Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of an Insect-Type monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control; change it to Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 Insect-Type monster from your hand in Defense Position. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● If it is Xyz Summoned: The DEF of all face-up monsters your opponent controls become 0, also change them to Defense Position.
A subspecies found in electronic space. There's little information on it.
3 Level 5 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; send the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard, then, if any monsters were sent to the Graveyard by this effect, destroy cards your opponent controls, up to the number of monsters sent.
2 DARK Dragon monsters  During your opponent's End Phase: You can target 1 opponent's Attack Position monster that did not declare an attack this turn; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK. If a "Rokket" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Dillingerous Dragon" once per turn.
Cards cannot be sent from the Deck to the Graveyard.
FLIP: Both players can remove from play up to 3 monsters from their opponent's Graveyard.
If you have no cards in your GY (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY; until the end of the next turn, any card sent to the GY is banished instead.
When a monster is banished by the effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon": You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 3000 damage to your opponent. You can only use the effect of "Dimension Wanderer" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can activate this effect to remove from play the top card of your Deck and give this card 500 ATK until the End Phase. When this card is destroyed and sent from your side of the field to your Graveyard, you can select 1 of your removed from play monsters and return it to your hand.
2 Level 8 monsters  You can only Special Summon "Dingirsu, the Orcust of the Evening Star(s)" once per turn. You can also Xyz Summon this card by using an "Orcust" Link Monster you control as material. If a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead. If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects.  ● Send 1 card your opponent controls to the GY.  ● Attach 1 of your banished Machine monsters to this card as material.
Cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is targeted for an attack: This card gains 1000 ATK and DEF. If this card attacked, after damage calculation: The ATK gained from this effect returns to 0.
To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute a Continuous Spell/Trap Card you control, instead of a monster. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect while you control this Tribute Summoned monster: You can take 1 "True Draco" or "True King" Continuous Trap Card from your Deck, and either activate it or add it to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card(s) you control, then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Banish any monster destroyed by battle with a "Dinomist" monster you control.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card(s) you control, then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If you do not control "Dinomist Brachion" in your Monster Zone and your opponent controls a monster that has the highest ATK on the field (even if it's tied), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If another "Dinomist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can destroy this card instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If all monsters you control are "Dinomist" monsters (min. 1), and none are "Dinomist Ceratops", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card(s) you control, then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  All face-up monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK and DEF for each "Dinomist" card you control.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If another "Dinomist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can destroy this card instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can add 1 "Dinomist" card from your Deck to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, you can negate an activated card effect that targets another "Dinomist" card (s) you control, then destroy this card.    ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: You can Tribute 1 other "Dinomist" monster, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● This card can attack an opponent's monster again in a row, also, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.  ● Shuffle 1 card from your opponent's hand (at random) or field into the Deck, then this card gains 100 ATK.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If another "Dinomist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can destroy this card instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute 1 other "Dinomist" monster, then activate 1 of these effects;● This card can attack your opponent directly this turn.● This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If another "Dinomist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can destroy this card instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If another Pendulum Monster you control battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: You can destroy those monsters.
1 "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster + 1 Pendulum Monster Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by Tributing the above cards. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Pendulum Monster Cards in your Monster Zones and Pendulum Zones cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster from your hand or Graveyard, but it cannot be used as a Fusion Material.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; send it to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Capaptera" once per turn. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Dinowrestler" monster: You can activate this effect; the Link Monster that used this card as material gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
This Attack Position card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is attacked, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step. During the Standby Phase, if this card is in Defense Position: You can Special Summon 1 "Dinowrestler Capoeiraptor" from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Capoeiraptor" once per turn.
1 "Dinowrestler" Link Monster + 1 "Dinowrestler" monster  If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Your opponent's monsters cannot target other monsters for attacks. If this card destroys a monster by battle: It gains 500 ATK. If this card is destroyed by a card effect: Destroy all your opponent's Attack Position monsters.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Dinowrestler Coelasilat" once per Duel this way. If Summoned this way, it cannot be used as material for a Link Summon, except for the Link Summon of a "Dinowrestler" monster.
If you control a "Dinowrestler" monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. During your turn, if your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Dinowrestler" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Eskrimamenchi" once per turn.
1 Dinosaur Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Your opponent's monsters cannot target other monsters for attacks. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 other card you control instead.
You can discard 1 other Dinosaur monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can Tribute 1 Dinosaur monster, then target 1 “Dinowrestler” monster in your GY with a different original name; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Dinowrestler Iguanodraka" once per turn.
2+ "Dinowrestler" monsters  If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Your opponent's monsters cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. At the start of your opponent's Battle Phase: You can target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; this Battle Phase, your opponent cannot attack with other monsters until that one has, and if it does not declare an attack, destroy it at the end of the Battle Phase.
During damage calculation, if your other "Dinowrestler" monster battles an opponent's monster with an equal or higher ATK (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; your battling monster cannot be destroyed by that battle, also any battle damage you take from that battle is halved. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Dinowrestler" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Dinowrestler Martial Ampelo". You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Martial Ampelo" once per turn.
During damage calculation, if your "Dinowrestler" monster battles an opponent's monster with an equal or higher ATK (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle, also end the Battle Phase at the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn to activate this card's effect, and your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can Special Summon this card.
During damage calculation, if your other "Dinowrestler" monster battles an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; your battling monster cannot be cannot be destroyed by that battle, also the ATK of that opponent's battling monster is halved at the end of the Damage Step. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there from the field this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but banish when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Martial Ankylo" once per turn.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Dinowrestler Pankratops" once per turn this way. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Dinowrestler" monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Pankratops" once per turn.
When your "Dinowrestler" monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Dinowrestler Rambrachio" once per turn. Your opponent cannot target other "Dinowrestler" monsters you control with card effects.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Dinowrestler" monster or 1 "World Dino Wrestling" from your Deck to your hand. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn, and your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can target 1 "Dinowrestler" monster in your GY, except "Dinowrestler Systegosaur"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Dinowrestler Systegosaur" once per turn.
2 "Dinowrestler" monsters  If you activate "World Dino Wrestling": You can target 1 "Dinowrestler" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can target 1 "Dinowrestler" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Dinowrestler" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Dinowrestler Terra Parkourio" once per turn.
If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). While you control a Link-3 or higher "Dinowrestler" monster, face-up monsters you control are unaffected by the activated effects of your opponent's Link-3 or lower monsters.
2 Cyberse monsters  Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster; Spell/Trap Cards, and their effects, cannot be activated during the Battle Phase of this turn. If this Fusion Summoned card is sent to your GY: You can target 1 "Cynet Fusion" and 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except this card; add them to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Diplexer Chimera" once per turn.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster with DEF 2000 or more, destroy that monster with this card's effect without applying damage calculation.
During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, add 1 "Nephthys" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Disciple of Nephthys". During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Nephthys" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Disciple of Nephthys" once per turn.
When this card is Summoned, declare different Monster Card Attributes equal to the number of "Disciple of the Forbidden Spell"(s) in your Graveyard. If this card attacks a monster that has a declared Attribute, destroy the monster with this card's effect without applying damage calculation.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Spell Card on the field; remove 1 Spell Counter from anywhere on the field, and if you do, return that target to the hand.
This monster hides in a saucer and only appears when executing an attack.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Normal Trap Card in your Graveyard; banish that target, and if you do, this card gains 500 ATK until the end of your opponent's turn.
A monster born in the lava pits, it generates intense heat that can melt away its enemies.
When this card is Normal Summoned, it gets 1 of the following effects for each "Divine Dragon - Excelion" in your Graveyard when this effect resolves (your choice). These effects cannot accumulate. ● This card gains 1000 ATK. ● If this card destroys your opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row. ● When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 other face-up WATER monster and select 1 Continuous or Field Spell Card in your Graveyard to return it to the top of your Deck.
2 Level 8 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; this turn, its effects are negated, but it is unaffected by other card effects.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls or in their Graveyard; banish it, and if you do, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the banished monster's original Level/Rank x 100. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster in the Graveyard, except "Divine Dragon Lord Felgrand"; Special Summon it to your field.
A legendary dragon sent by the gods as their instrument. Legends say that if provoked, the whole world will sink beneath the sea.
[ Pendulum Effect ]   The first time you would take effect damage each turn, you do not. Each turn, 1 Level 5 or higher "D/D" monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing. You can only use each Pendulum Effect of "Divine Go-D/D/D Zero King Zero G.O.D. Reiji" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------   [ Monster Effect ]   Cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. When this card declares an attack while your opponent's LP are 4000 or less: You can make this card gain ATK equal to your opponent's LP until the end of this turn. You can Tribute 1 other monster; apply 1 of these effects until the end of this turn.  ● This card can attack directly.  ● Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in their Spell & Trap Zones.  ● Your opponent cannot activate card effects from their hand or GY.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Ritual of Grace". When this card is Ritual Summoned, select a number of face-up cards on the field (except this card), up to the number of monsters you used for the Ritual Summon. While any of the selected cards are face-up on the field, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
After damage calculation, when this card destroys a monster by battle: Banish that monster.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect. If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by an opponent's attack or card effect: You can pay half your LP; Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be targeted by card effects. If this card attacks an opponent's monster, during the Damage Step only, negate the effects of that monster while it is face-up on the field (but its effects can still be activated), also its ATK becomes half its original ATK. Once per battle, if this card battles, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can make this card's ATK become equal to the highest original ATK on the field (your choice, if tied).
When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. While the monster Ritual Summoned using this card is face-up on the field, Synchro Monsters' effects are negated.
When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. If a player Ritual Summons using this card, that Ritual Summoned monster cannot be targeted by the card effects of the other player.
When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. The monster Ritual Summoned using this card is unaffected by Trap effects.
When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. If the monster Ritual Summoned using this card destroys a monster by battle, the controller of the Ritual Monster draws 1 card.
When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. If a player Ritual Summons using this card, if that Ritual Summoned monster inflicts battle damage to the other player, they discard 1 card.
When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your Graveyard as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon. If a player Ritual Summons using this card, the other player cannot Special Summon while that Ritual Summoned monster is face-up on the field.
This creature generates gale-force winds and tornadoes to blow its enemies away.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster in your GY and 1 Dragon monster you control; equip that monster in the GY to that monster on the field as an Equip Spell with this effect.  ● The equipped monster gains 500 ATK.  At the end of the Damage Step, if your monster equipped with an Equip Card(s) attacked: You can banish this card from your GY; destroy as many Equip Cards as possible equipped to that monster you control, and if you do, it can make a second attack in a row.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can pay 800 Life Points to add 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. After this card was Normal Summoned, your opponent cannot activate Counter Trap Cards for the rest of that turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned (but can be Normal Set). If this card attacks, it is unaffected by other card effects until the end of the Damage Step.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If Summoned this way, its Level becomes 4. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target 1 "Dododo" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.
Up to twice per turn, if this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dododo" monster this turn: You can target 1 "Dododo" monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Increase its Level by 1. ● Reduce its Level by 1.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Zubaba" or "Gagaga" monster from your hand. While this card is in your GY, if you control a "Gogogo" or "Dododo" monster other than "Dododo Dwarf - Gogogo Glove": You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Dododo Dwarf - Gogogo Glove" once per turn.
While this Flip Summoned card is face-up on the field, it gains 3500 ATK. When this card is flipped face-up: You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field; destroy them.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card attacks, negate all card effects that activate in the opponent's Graveyard, until the end of the Damage Step.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Dododo" monster from your hand in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, except "Dododo Witch".
If your opponent controls a monster and all face-up monsters you control (min. 1) are Level 4, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Doggy Diver" once per turn this way. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a Warrior-Type monster.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn: You can remove 3 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there by an opponent's card effect this turn while in your possession: You can add, from your Deck to your hand, 1 monster with a different Level from the monsters you control and the monsters in your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Dogu" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can equip this card to a "Soitsu" you control, OR unequip it to Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. When equipped to a monster by this card's effect, that monster gains 2500 ATK. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.)
You can discard 1 Rock-Type monster; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 Rock-Type monster that has the same original Attribute and Level as that monster, in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Doki Doki" once per turn.
A messenger of doom that steals a soul with a single blow.
This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Revival of Dokurorider". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.
A boomerang with brains that will pursue a target to the ends of the earth.
This fairy rules over the end of existence.
When this card is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned, you can Special Summon any number of "Don Turtle"(s) from your hand.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Discard 1 random card from their hand. ● Send the top 2 cards of their Deck to the Graveyard.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Donpa, Marksman Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Donpa, Marksman Fur Hire" once per turn.
During damage calculation, if your "@Ignister" monster is attacked (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; you take no battle damage from that battle. When an "@Ignister" monster's effect or "A.I." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to your opponent, even during the Damage Step (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY; the damage inflicted to your opponent by that effect is doubled. You can only use each effect of "Donyoribo @Ignister" once per turn.
FLIP: Destroy all face-up monsters on the field with an original ATK or DEF of 0.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 Insect-Type monsters from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Send the top card of their Deck to the Graveyard.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Fiend-Type monster from your hand or from either Graveyard. When this card leaves the field, destroy all Fiend-Type monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Crush Card Virus", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Check your opponent's hand, all monsters they control, and all cards they draw until the end of their 3rd turn after this effect's activation, and destroy all those monsters with 1500 or more ATK.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During either player's turn, if a monster effect is activated: Tribute this face-up card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Add 1 Level 8 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Doomdog Octhros" once per turn.
"Plaguespreader Zombie" + 1 or more non-Tuner Zombie-Type monsters When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Zombie-Type monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon that target to your side of the field in face-up Attack Position, but destroy it when this card leaves the field.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". When this card is Special Summoned, Special Summon any number of Zombie-Type monsters from either player's Graveyard(s) to your side of the field. Those monsters' effects are negated, and they are destroyed during the End Phase this turn. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Doomkaiser Dragon" from your Graveyard.
During the Standby Phase, if a face-up card is in a Field Zone and this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Doomking Balerdroch" once per turn. Once per Chain, when a Zombie monster, except "Doomking Balerdroch", activates its effect (except during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect): You can apply 1 of these effects (but you cannot apply that same effect of "Doomking Balerdroch" again this turn).  ● Negate that effect. ● Banish 1 monster from the field or GY.
This card's ATK and DEF are equal to the number of banished DARK monsters x 300. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Return all banished DARK monsters to the Graveyards.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card in either player's Pendulum Zone; destroy that card, and if you do, draw 1 card.
When a monster(s) is Special Summoned from your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: You can Special Summon 2 "Doppel Tokens" (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 400/DEF 400) in Attack Position.
A spirit of the forest powered by the surrounding trees and wildlife.
This monster splits in two and attacks from opposite sides.
This ugly monster emits a highly poisonous gas.
If you control an "@Ignister" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can target 1 Cyberse Link Monster in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, add 1 "A.I. Love Fusion" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Doshin @Ignister" once per turn.
If this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
If this card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card. If this card is banished: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use 1 "Dotscaper" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You can only use each effect of "Dotscaper" once per Duel.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a DARK monster.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 or 4 WATER Fish-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, but it has its effects negated. You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except WATER monsters.
2 Machine monsters  Cannot be used as Link Material. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Double Headed Anger Knuckle" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can send 1 monster from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Level 10 Machine monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects.  ● If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 card from your hand or field to the GY; Special Summon this card.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster you control; apply this effect to it, then destroy this card. Once applied, double any battle damage that monster inflicts to your opponent this turn if it battles an opponent's monster.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  (This card is always treated as a "Pendulum Dragon" card.)  If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Pendulumgraph" card from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target is treated as a Tuner this turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Fiend-Type monster you control; that Fiend-Type monster is treated as a Tuner this turn. You can only use this effect of "Double Resonator" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can reduce the Levels of all Level 4 Fish-Type monsters you currently control by 1. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
2 Link Monsters  Gains ATK equal to the total Link Rating of the monsters used for its Link Summon x 300. Unaffected by other monsters' effects, except Link Monsters'. Cannot be destroyed by battle, except with a Link Monster.
2 Level 4 Spellcaster-Type monsters During your Main Phase 2, you can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 3 or lower Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains 200 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card attacked or was attacked, after damage calculation: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "@Ignister" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a Cyberse monster: You can target 1 "A.I." Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Doyon @Ignister" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can pay 500 LP; look at the top card of your Deck, then place it on the bottom of your Deck, OR reveal it and add it to your hand, but skip your next Draw Phase if added to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Dr. Frankenderp" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  When your opponent activates a monster's effect (Quick Effect): You can banish it. If this attacking card destroys an Effect Monster by battle and sends it to the GY: This card gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK, also it can make a second attack on a monster during this Battle Phase. You can only use each effect of "Draco Berserker of the Tenyi" once per turn.
2+ monsters, including a Link Monster  Cannot be destroyed by battle with Effect Monsters. If you control no other Effect Monsters: You can destroy Effect Monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of non-Effect Monsters in your GY and/or face-up on your field. You can only use this effect of "Tenyi Master of the Dragon Fist" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Normal Monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Normal Monster with 1000 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Dragon-Type monster, then target 1 face-up monster you control; until the End Phase, its Level becomes 8, and if it does, it gains 800 ATK.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Draghig, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can choose 1 "Burning Abyss" card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Dragon-Type monster Cannot be destroyed by battle. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack on an opponent's monster in a row. During your Standby Phase: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its current ATK, and if it does, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that lost ATK.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  At the start of the Damage Step, if a monster you control battles an opponent's face-up monster: You can discard 1 card; the opponent's battling monster's ATK and DEF become half its current ATK and DEF (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card in its owner's Monster Zone is destroyed by your opponent's attack or card effect: You can add 1 Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster with 2000 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand, except "Dragodies, the Empowered Warrior", during the End Phase of this turn.
You can target 1 "Buster Blader" you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this equipped card. You can only use this effect of "Dragon Buster Destruction Sword" once per turn.
Many years of dragonslaying have bathed this huntress in countless amounts of blood. Each drop gave her more power, but at a terrible price, as her cursed body now spreads the dragontaint like an epidemic. No village will take her in, and she no longer even remembers what inspired her crusade in the first place.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or when this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH Pendulum Monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Dragon Dowser" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All Normal Monsters gain 200 ATK. You take no battle damage from battles involving Normal Monsters you control.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The horns were needed to prepare a medicine for her village, suffering from a plague. Unknown to her, the dragons burned and trampled her village, once displaced from their den.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. There can only be 1 "Dragon Ice" on the field.
1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Warrior-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster in the Graveyard; banish that target, and if you do, until the End Phase, this card's name become that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. While this card is in Attack Position, your opponent takes any effect damage you would have taken from their card effects, instead.
Increase this card's Level by 4 during your opponent's turn only. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can send 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon that monster. You can only use this effect of "Dragon Knight of Creation" once per turn.
FLIP: Take control of 1 face-up Dragon-Type monster on your opponent's side of the field until the end of the End Phase.
"Black Luster Soldier" + "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster you control, except this card.
FLIP: Destroy all face-up "Dragon Capture Jar"(s) on the field. If you destroy any, change all face-up Dragon-Type monsters on the field to Attack Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control 3 or more face-up Continuous Spell Cards. When this attacking card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent sends 1 card from their hand to the Graveyard, then you draw 1 card. During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and was sent there from the field: You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell Card you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
When this card is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned, destroy 1 face-up Dragon-Type monster on the field.
(This card is always treated as a "Blue-Eyes" card.) This card is treated as a Normal Monster while in the hand or Graveyard. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; banish it. During either player's turn, if your opponent controls a monster: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your hand.
A stone warrior with the heart of a dragon.
A dragon revived by sorcery. Its breath is highly corrosive.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it becomes Dragon-Type until the end of your opponent's turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can make this card become Dragon-Type until the end of this turn. A monster that was Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Summoned using this card on the field as Material gains this effect.  ● If this card battles a Dragon-Type monster, this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK during the Damage Step only.
2 Zombie-Type monsters  Must first be Fusion Summoned. Monsters cannot be destroyed by battle with this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled a monster that has an original Level: That monster's ATK becomes 0, also, if that monster is still face-up on the field, Special Summon 1 "Dark Soul Token" (Zombie-Type/DARK/Level ?/ATK ?/DEF 0). (When Summoned, its Level and ATK become equal to the original Level and ATK of that monster.) You can only control 1 "Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon".
"Armaill" + "One-Eyed Shield Dragon"
This gong harbors the soul of an untamed dragon. It soars through the skies with an incredible roar, marshaling all those who hear its call to battle.
Each time a monster is Normal Summoned or Set, place 1 Dragonic Counter on this card. You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Dragonic Counters on this card.
When the effect of an opponent's monster is activated that targets and destroys a card(s) you control, you can send the targeted card(s) to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.
Cannot be destroyed by card effects while you control a Fusion Monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonmaid Erde" once per turn.  ● (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.  ● At the end of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 2 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.
Cannot be destroyed by card effects while you control a Fusion Monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonmaid Flamme" once per turn.  ● (Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 "Dragonmaid" monster you control; it gains 2000 ATK until the end of this turn.  ● At the end of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.
Cannot be destroyed by card effects while you control a Fusion Monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonmaid Fluss" once per turn.  ● You can discard this card, then target 1 monster in either GY; shuffle it into the Deck.  ● At the end of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 2 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.
1 "Dragonmaid" monster + 1 Dragon monster  Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can target 1 other "Dragonmaid" monster you control; Special Summon in Defense Position 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY whose Level is 1 higher or lower than that monster. If another face-up Dragon monster(s) you control returns to your hand: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Dragonmaid Laudry" once per turn.
Cannot be destroyed by card effects while you control a Fusion Monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Dragonmaid Luft" once per turn.  ● You can discard this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target's effects that activate on the field cannot be activated this turn.  ● At the end of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Dragonmaid" monster in your GY, except "Dragonmaid Nasary"; Special Summon it. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Dragonmaid Nasary" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Dragonmaid" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Dragonmaid Parla". At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Dragonmaid Parla" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Dragonmaid Tillroo", then send 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand to the GY. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can return this card to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 8 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Dragonmaid Tillroo" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can destroy this card, then end the Battle Phase.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster with 2000 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have a "Magician" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can discard 1 Pendulum Monster, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This gifted magician can awaken the energy stored in the deep places of the earth, known as the Pits of the Dragon. His stoic approach wins him few friends, and he often bends to the desires of his pupil.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have a "Magician" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can discard 1 Pendulum Monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This boy magician has the gift of seeing the natural lines of energy that run through the earth, which his people call the Pulse of the Dragon. His exuberance and skill put him in high regard with his mentor, the "Dragonpit Magician".
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if a Normal Monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle, after damage calculation: You can add 1 Level 4 or higher Normal Monster from your Deck to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Armed with muskets and iron spears, these mounted land troops of the Draconia Empire are feared by the Reptier Kingdom and other bordering nations.
"Dark Magician" + "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" or 1 Dragon Effect Monster  Neither player can target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects. During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You can use this effect a number of times per turn, up to the number of Normal Monsters used as Fusion Material for this card's Summon. Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, and if you do that, this card gains 1000 ATK.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 "Dragunity" monster from your hand, then equip it with this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard while equipped to a monster, select 1 card on the field, and destroy it.
If this card is equipped with a Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster, during battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
You can Special Summon this card from your hand or your Graveyard by removing from play 1 face-up monster you control equipped with a "Dragunity" card(s). When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can select 1 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Dragunity Arma Leyvaten", and equip it to this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard by your opponent's card effect, you can select 1 of the monsters that were equipped to this card when it was sent to the Graveyard, and Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard.
You can Special Summon this card from your hand by sending 1 face-up "Dragunity" monster you control to the Graveyard. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand, you can select 1 Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster in your Graveyard, and equip it to this card.
While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster can attack twice during each Battle Phase.
This effect can only be activated while this card is equipped to a monster. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can add 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Deck to your hand with the same Type and Attribute as the monster this card is equipped to.
Cannot be used as Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Dragunity" monster. This card on the field can be treated as Level as 4 when used for a Synchro Summon. If this card is currently equipped to a monster: You can Special Summon this equipped card.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster to select 1 Level 4 or lower Winged Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it.
This card gains 200 ATK for each face-up "Dragunity" card you control. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster in your Graveyard and equip it as an Equip Card to this card.
If this face-up card is destroyed while in the Monster Card Zone, you can equip it to 1 face-up Winged Beast-Type "Dragunity" monster you control, instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
1 "Dragunity" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  You can banish 1 "Dragunity" monster from your GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it. If this Synchro Summoned card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Dragunity" Synchro Monster with 3000 or less ATK from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Synchro Summon.) You can only use this effect of "Dragunity Knight - Ascalon" once per turn.
1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, you can select any number of Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monsters in your Graveyard, and equip them to this card. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Dragunity" card equipped to this card.
1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters   If this card attacks or is attacked, during the Damage Step you can remove from play 1 (only) Winged Beast-Type monster from your Graveyard, to have this card gain the ATK of that monster until the End Phase.
1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can add 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon-Type or Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. Then discard 1 Dragon-Type or Winged Beast-Type monster.
1 "Dragunity" Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Dragunity" monster in your GY; equip it to this card. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Dragunity" monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 1000 ATK/DEF. You can only use each effect of “Dragunity Knight - Luin” once per turn.
2 Dragon and/or Winged Beast monsters, except Tokens  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Dragunity" Spell/Trap or "Dragon Ravine" from your Deck to your hand. If a Dragon monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck to a zone(s) this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 Dragon or Winged Beast monster from your hand in Defense Position, but for the rest of this turn, its effects are negated, also it cannot be used as Link Material. You can only use each effect of "Dragunity Knight - Romulus" once per turn.
1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters Once per turn, you can send up to 3 cards you control to the Graveyard to look at your opponent's Extra Deck and send an equal number of cards to the Graveyard.
1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. Once per turn: You can send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the Graveyard; double this card's ATK until the End Phase.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 Level 3 or lower "Dragunity" Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard, and equip it to this card as an Equip Card. You can send 1 "Dragunity" card from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard to select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and destroy it.
Once per turn, you can select 1 "Dragunity" card in your Spell & Trap Card Zone, and Special Summon it.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Winged Beast-Type "Dragunity" monster from your hand, then equip this card to it as an Equip Card. If this card is equipped as an Equip Card to a monster, the equipped monster is treated as a Tuner monster.
Once per turn, while this card is equipped to a monster as an Equip Card by a card effect, you can Special Summon this card.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Winged Beast-Type "Dragunity" monster from your hand and equip this card to it as an Equip Card. If this card is equipped as an Equip Card to a monster, the equipped monster can attack your opponent directly. If it attacks using this effect, the Battle Damage it inflicts to your opponent is halved.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can select 1 face-up Winged Beast-Type "Dragunity" monster you control. Equip it with 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster from your Deck.
You can discard 1 "Dragunity" card; equip 1 "Dragunity" Tuner from your Deck to this card, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Dragon monsters. You can only use this effect of "Dragunity Senatus" once per turn. If a "Dragunity" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Dragunity" card equipped to this card instead.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can send 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Level 3 or lower Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can Tribute 1 Insect-Type monster to have this card gain 500 ATK until the end of the turn.
When this card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position, destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field.
When attacked by your opponent's monster, select another 1 of your Monster Cards and designate it as the attack's target, then calculate damage.
To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute a Continuous Spell/Trap Card you control, instead of a monster. Your opponent cannot target face-up "True Draco" or "True King" monsters on the field with card effects, except this one, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If this face-up Tribute Summoned monster leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster from your Deck in Defense Position.
Once per turn, when your Cyberse monster declares an attack: You can discard 1 monster; that attacking monster gains 600 ATK until the end of this turn.
This card can attack your opponent directly. Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: This card gains 1000 ATK.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, you can select 1 "Parasite Paracide" card from your Deck, shuffle the Deck, and place "Parasite Paracide" on top of the Deck.
If a Warrior-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn, when you inflict battle damage to your opponent with this effect: You can draw 1 card.
"Drill Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can halve this card's ATK, and if you do, it can attack your opponent directly this turn. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, and if you do, banish this card. During your next Standby Phase: Special Summon this card banished by this effect, then add 1 monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
If the only cards your opponent controls are face-up monsters with 1600 or more ATK, this card can attack your opponent directly.
Before damage calculation, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.
1 Warrior-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Warrior-Type monsters This card cannot be destroyed by battle when attacked by a monster with higher ATK. After damage calculation, if this card was attacked by a monster with higher ATK: Destroy the opponent's monster it battled.
During either player's turn, if your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand (except during the Draw Phase): You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, neither player can add a card(s) from their Deck to their hand.
This monster stuns its enemies with a massive beak and ear-piercing wails.
A blood-sucking snake in human form that attacks any living being that passes nearby.
If this card is in your hand or GY: You can banish 2 other Cyberse monsters from your hand and/or face-up from your field; Special Summon this card, but its ATK becomes halved. You can only use this effect of "Dual Assembwurm" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 card from your hand; banish 1 monster on the field with ATK less than or equal to this card's.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the GY. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with these effects.  ● Cannot be destroyed by card effects. Neither player can target this card with card effects.  ● The attacks from your opponent's monsters become direct attacks.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can Tribute Tokens whose total Levels equal 3 or more; Special Summon this card. You can only use the effect of "Duck Fighter" once per turn.
FLIP: Target 1 Level 4 monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
2+ monsters, including a Synchro Monster  During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Power Tool" Synchro Monster or 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Duel Dragon Token" with the same Type, Attribute, Level, and ATK/DEF as the banished monster to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Duel Link Dragon" once per turn. While you control a "Duel Dragon Token", your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks, also your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.
2 FIRE monsters  All FIRE monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF, also all WATER monsters on the field lose 400 ATK/DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 FIRE monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Duelittle Chimera" once per turn.
You can Tribute any number of DARK monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, it gains 500 ATK for each monster you Tributed. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Duke Shade, the Sinister Shadow Lord" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate either of this card's effects, except DARK monsters.
FLIP: Your opponent selects 1 monster that they control. Switch control of the selected monster and this card.
Even when all odds are against this brave fairy, she will press onwards in battle and never retreat.
Hidden under the floors of a labyrinth, it swallows any who pass above.
You can discard this card; add 1 "Bonding" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Hydrogeddon", "Oxygeddon", or "Duoterion" in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Duoterion" once per turn.
This card's name becomes "Des Frog" while it is on the field. Monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Frog" monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand, except "Dupe Frog".
FLIP: Send 1 EARTH monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Cubic" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during either player's turn, if a monster was sent to your Graveyard this turn while this card was face-up on the field: You can make this card gain 200 ATK for each monster with a different name in your Graveyard, until the end of this turn.
After you Normal Summon this card, you can Normal Summon 1 "Nordic" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 "Nordic Relic" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
You can only control 1 "Dvergs, Generaider Boss of Iron". (Quick Effect): You can Tribute any number of "Generaider" monsters and/or Machine monsters; Special Summon in Defense Position that many "Generaider" monsters and/or Machine monsters from your hand that have different names from each other and the Tributed monsters. You can only use this effect of "Dvergs, Generaider Boss of Iron" once per turn.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can add 1 Level 7 LIGHT or DARK monster from your Deck to your hand.
This card gains 300 ATK for each Continuous Spell Card in your Spell & Trap Zone.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can banish cards from your opponent's GY, up to the number of monsters "Fur Hire" you control with different names. You can only use this effect of "Dyna, Hero Fur Hire" once per turn. Monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters "Fur Hire" you control for attacks, except this one.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Dynatherium" once per turn this way. When Summoned this way: Your opponent can target 1 Level 4 monster in either player's Graveyard; they Special Summon that target to their side of the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by sending 4 face-up Level 1 monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Other monsters you control cannot attack. During either player's Battle Step, once per battle involving this card: You can banish 1 Level 1 monster from your Graveyard; until the end of the Damage Step, this card is unaffected by other cards' effects, also it cannot be destroyed by battle.
You can target 1 "Number C39" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, when the equipped monster attacks an opponent's monster, but the opponent's monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can make the opponent's monster's ATK 0 (even after this card leaves the field or the monster becomes unaffected by card effects), and if you do, the equipped monster can make a second attack on the same monster in a row.
When this card is Normal Summoned successfully, no Trap Cards can be activated.
If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If you control "Panther Shark", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only control 1 "Eagle Shark".
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of an EARTH Normal Monster.
1 Cyberse monster + 1 Link Monster  After this card is Fusion Summoned, you take no damage for the rest of this turn. If this card attacks a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, this card gains ATK equal to its original ATK during the Damage Step only. When this card is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except "Earth Golem @Ignister"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Earth Golem @Ignister" once per turn.
If you control a Synchro Monster(s) and have a Synchro Monster(s) in your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster from your Deck or GY to your hand. If an "Earthbound Immortal" monster is Normal Summoned while this monster is on the field: You can make your opponent's LP 3000. You can only use each effect of "Earthbound Greater Linewalker" once per turn.
There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. When this face-up card leaves the field, except by its own effect: Destroy as many face-up monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.
There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK.
There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card is destroyed by a card effect, except by its own effect: Destroy all cards on the field.
There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to half this card's DEF. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect. While this card is in Defense Position, your opponent cannot conduct their Battle Phase.
There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card would be destroyed by battle, you can Tribute 1 other monster instead, and if you do, halve your opponent's LP.
There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target, until the End Phase.
There can only be 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card is Normal Summoned: Target up to 3 cards you control, except this card; shuffle those targets into your Deck, then discard as many random cards from your opponent's hand as possible, but not more than the number of returned cards, and if you do, this card gains 1000 ATK for each card discarded by this effect.
"Earthbound Immortal" monsters cannot be destroyed by their own effects.
A vengeful creature formed by the spirits of fallen warriors, it drags any who dare approach it into the deepest bowels of the earth.
Once per turn, when the battle position of this card is changed, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls and change its battle position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 5 or more cards from your hand, field and/or Extra Deck, face-down, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 100 ATK and DEF for each face-down banished card. This face-up card on the field cannot be Tributed, nor used as Material for a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Summon. Once per turn, at the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can banish that opponent's monster, face-down.
2 Level 7 Spellcaster-Type monsters While this card has Xyz Material, you can activate a Quick-Play Spell Card or a Trap Card from your hand during your opponent's turn by detaching 1 Xyz Material from this card at activation. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this Xyz Summoned card you control is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand or Deck, then you can destroy 1 card on the field.
2 Level 7 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 6 Spellcaster-Type Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster from your hand or Deck. When a Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster declares an attack: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it. You can only use this effect of "Ebon Illusion Magician" once per turn.
During your Standby Phase, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each monster they control.
When using this card as a Synchro Material Monster, the other Synchro Material Monster is 1 monster in your hand. The Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material Monster cannot activate its effects, its effect(s) is negated, and is removed from play when removed from the field.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Banish 1 Level 7 or higher LIGHT or DARK Dragon-Type monster from your Deck. If this card is banished from your Graveyard: You can add the monster banished by this card's effect to your hand.
When you take damage from an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the damage you took, also both players take no further effect damage this turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 monster with 800 ATK and 1000 DEF from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Edea the Heavenly Squire", also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished "Monarch" Spell/Trap Cards; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Edea the Heavenly Squire" once per turn.
When this card declares an attack: You can add 1 "Edge Imp Chain" from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Frightfur" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Edge Imp Chain" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All Fusion Monsters you control gain 300 ATK. Once per turn, if a "Frightfur" Fusion Monster(s) is Fusion Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 1 card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Frightfur" monster in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Edge Imp Cotton Eater" once per turn.
(This card is always treated as a "Frightfur" card.) You can target 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster you control or in your Graveyard; this card's ATK and DEF each become equal to the original ATK and DEF of that monster, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Edge Imp Frightfuloid" once per turn.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can place 1 card from your hand on the top of the Deck; Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Edge Imp Sabres" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Fluffal" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards, then place 1 card from your hand on either the top or bottom of your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Edge Imp Saw" once per turn.
You can send 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 800 damage to your opponent. You can send 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Edge Imp Tomahawk"; this card's name becomes the sent monster's name, until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Edge Imp Tomahawk" once per turn.
During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; that face-up monster your opponent controls has its effects negated until the end of this turn.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by sending 1 Beast-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard. When this card is Special Summoned this way, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Increase the Level of this card by the Level of the Beast-Type monster. ● Decrease the Level of this card by the Level of the Beast-Type monster.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, before damage calculation: Shuffle that monster into the Deck. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: You can send 2 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Cards with different names from your hand and/or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 monster with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF from your Deck, but return it to the hand during the End Phase. During your opponent's Main Phase, if this card is in your hand: You can banish 1 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card from your Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon this card (this is a Quick Effect).
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: During your Main Phase this turn, you can Tribute Summon 1 monster, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster with 800 ATK and 1000 DEF in your Graveyard, except "Eidos the Underworld Squire"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Eidos the Underworld Squire" once per turn.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 WATER monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Neither player can Special Summon monsters from the hand or Graveyard with Spell/Trap effects. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
2 "Shaddoll" monsters with different Attributes  Must first be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by battle. You can only use each of the following effects of "El Shaddoll Apkalone" once per turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; negate its effects.  ● If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck or GY to your hand, then discard 1 card.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 LIGHT monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Special Summoned monster: Destroy that monster. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 FIRE monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. During either player's turn, when your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) while you have a "Shaddoll" card in your hand: You can negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster, then send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "El Shaddoll Grysta" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 EARTH monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. During either player's turn, when a Special Summoned monster activates its effect while you have a "Shaddoll" card in your hand: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster, then send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "El Shaddoll Shekhinaga" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 WIND monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. During either player's turn: You can target 1 monster you control; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle with an opponent's Special Summoned monster. You can only use this effect of "El Shaddoll Wendigo" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 "Shaddoll" monster + 1 DARK monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Cannot be destroyed by an opponent's card effects. Each player can only Special Summon monster(s) once per turn while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
The cane of this monster is the source of many powerful spells.
1 Synchro Monster + 1 Xyz Monster  Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only Special Summon "Elder Entity N'tss(s)" once per turn.
1 Synchro or Xyz Monster + 1 Synchro or Xyz Monster When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, also banish it when this card leaves the field.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
A non Zombie-Type monster attacking "Electric Lizard" cannot attack on its following turn.
When this card is discarded from your hand to the Graveyard by an effect of a card controlled by your opponent, draw 2 cards from your Deck.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard, then target 1 Machine or Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.
FLIP: Target 1 Machine-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until your next End Phase. If this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK and DEF.
During your opponent's Battle Phase: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; end the Battle Phase (this is a Quick Effect). You can only use this effect of "Electromagnetic Turtle" once per Duel.
Special Summoned "Melodious" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card was Special Summoned, all Fairy-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.
This monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field: ● EARTH: Negate the effect of an Effect Monster that this card destroyed by battle. ● WIND: If this card destroyed your opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
This monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field: ● FIRE: This card gains 500 ATK. ● WIND: If this card destroyed your opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
This monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field: ● WATER: Control of this card cannot switch. ● WIND: If this card destroyed your opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
This monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field: ● FIRE: This card gains 500 ATK. ● EARTH: Negate the effect of an Effect Monster that this card destroyed by battle.
This monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field: ● WATER: Control of this card cannot switch. ● EARTH: Negate the effect of an Effect Monster that this card destroyed by battle.
(This card is not treated as a "Valkyrie" card.)  This monster gets the following effect(s) while there is a monster(s) with the following Attribute(s) on the field: ● FIRE: This card gains 500 ATK. ● WATER: Control of this card cannot switch.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 6 or more monsters with different Attributes in the GYs. Gains ATK/DEF equal to the number of different Attributes in the GYs x 500. When your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) (Quick Effect): You can banish 3 monsters from your GY; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).
1 "HERO" monster + 1 WATER monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up WATER monster on the field, except "Elemental HERO Absolute Zero". When this card leaves the field: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
"Elemental Hero Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by returning the above cards you control to the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) While your Life Points are lower than your opponent's, this card gains ATK equal to the difference. This card returns to the Extra Deck during the End Phase.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; destroy 1 random card in your opponent's hand. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
A winged Elemental HERO who wheels through the sky and manipulates the wind. His signature move, Featherbreak, gives villainy a blow from sky-high.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters, also send 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Elemental HERO Blazeman", and if you do, this card's Attribute, ATK, and DEF each become the same as the monster sent to the Graveyard, until the end of this turn. You can only use 1 "Elemental HERO Blazeman" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + 1 Level 4 or lower Effect Monster  Must be Fusion Summoned. Gains 100 ATK for each "HERO" or "Neo-Spacian" monster in your GY. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can add 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card "Elemental HERO Neos" in its text from your Deck to your hand.
If this is the only card in your hand, you can Special Summon it (from your hand). When this card is Summoned: You can draw 2 cards. You must control no other cards and have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.
A flame manipulator who was the first Elemental HERO woman. Her Burstfire burns away villainy.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Skyscraper" from your Deck to your hand. If "Skyscraper" is not face-up on the field, destroy this card.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther" + "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization.") During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck, then Set all face-up monsters on the field. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can toss a coin 3 times. ● 3 Heads: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls. ● 2 Heads: For the rest of the turn, the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls are negated. ● 1 Head: Return all monsters you control to the hand.
An Elemental HERO with a clay body built-to-last. He'll preserve his Elemental HERO colleagues at any cost.
3 "Elemental HERO" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack: You can make this card's ATK become double its current ATK until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. When this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 Level 8 or lower "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + 3 "Neo-Spacian" monsters with different Attributes  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects on the field. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Return this card to the Extra Deck, and if you do, destroy all cards your opponent controls.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card is not already targeting a monster with its effect: You can target 1 face-up Effect Monster on the field; while you control this face-up card, that target's effect on the field is negated. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Necroshade" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Must be Fusion Summoned using any 5 "Neos", "Neo Space", "Neo-Spacian", or "HERO" monsters, including at least 1 "Neos" or "Neo Space" monster, 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster, and 1 "HERO" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Neos", "Neo Space", "Neo-Spacian", or "HERO" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 500 ATK, and until the End Phase it also gains the banished monster's effects.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While face-up on the field, this card is also WIND, WATER, FIRE, and EARTH-Attribute. When this card is Fusion Summoned: Shuffle all banished cards into the Deck(s). This card gains 300 ATK for each monster your opponent controls that shares an Attribute with this card.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 DARK monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 100 ATK for each "Elemental HERO" monster in your Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) This card gains 400 ATK for each Spell/Trap Card on the field. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card and 3 "Elemental HERO" Monster Cards with different names from your Graveyard to target 1 Normal Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 EARTH monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Fusion Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, its ATK is halved and this card gains the same amount of ATK.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy that target, then apply the effect based on its type. ● Monster: This card cannot attack this turn. ● Spell: This card can attack your opponent directly this turn. ● Trap: Change this card to Defense Position.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck.
2 "HERO" Normal Monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. Gains ATK/DEF equal to the combined original Levels of the materials used for its Fusion Summon x 300. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but it cannot attack monsters with an equal or lower Level.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 WIND monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Fusion Summoned: Halve the ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls.
This card gains 200 ATK for each "Elemental HERO" monster you control.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 "HERO" monster on the field; it gains 2500 ATK until the end of this turn. During either player’s turn: You can discard 1 "HERO" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the discarded monster's ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Elemental HERO Honest Neos" once per turn.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone; destroy that target. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can discard 1 card; this card can attack your opponent directly this turn.
"Elemental HERO Heat" + "Elemental HERO Lady Heat" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card battles a WATER monster, this card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.
Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: It gains 100 ATK and loses 100 DEF. While you control another face-up "Elemental HERO" monster, your opponent cannot target this card for an attack, and this card can attack your opponent directly.
During each of your End Phases: Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" + "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) This card gains 400 ATK for each card on the field. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. When this card is shuffled into the Extra Deck this way: Return all cards on the field to the hand.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can destroy 1 random card in your opponent's hand.
"Elemental HERO Bubbleman" + "Elemental HERO Avian" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. While you have any face-down card(s) in your Spell & Trap Card Zones, this card can attack your opponent directly.
"Elemental HERO Bubbleman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Grand Mole" + "Neo-Spacian Dark Panther"  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Draw cards equal to the number of cards your opponent controls, then negate the effects of 1 face-up card on the field until the end of this turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck, and if you do, banish all cards on the field face-down.
"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Necroshade" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then Special Summon 1 monster from your opponent's Graveyard to their side of the field.
Once, while this card is in the Graveyard, 1 Level 5 or higher "Elemental HERO" monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending an "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" you control and "Metamorphosis" in your hand to the Graveyard. This card's name is treated as "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" while it is face-up on the field. Destroy an opponent's monster that battles this card at the end of the Damage Step.
A new Elemental HERO has arrived from Neo-Space! When he initiates a Contact Fusion with a Neo-Spacian his unknown powers are unleashed.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● This card's name becomes "Elemental HERO Neos" while it is on the field.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Yubel"  Must be Fusion Summoned. Before damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that opponent's monster's ATK. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can Special Summon 1 "Neos Wiseman" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only use this effect of "Elemental HERO Neos Kluger" once per turn.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + 1 Warrior-Type monster This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. This card gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the Warrior-Type Fusion Material Monster used to Fusion Summon this card, other than "Elemental HERO Neos". This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent takes no Battle Damage.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 FIRE monster  Must be Fusion Summoned. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Draw 1 card.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target 1 "HERO" monster you control or in your Graveyard; return that target to the hand.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by battle.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Bladedge" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. You can discard 1 card to target 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Rose Bud" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: It gains 200 ATK and loses 200 DEF. Your opponent can only target "Elemental HERO Poison Rose" for attacks.
Once per turn: You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, then send 1 of the Fusion Materials whose name is specifically listed on that card from your Deck to the Graveyard; this card's name becomes the sent monster's until the End Phase.
"Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix"  Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position, but only if your opponent controls no monsters, and if it does, this card's ATK is halved during damage calculation only.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Change" Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Elemental HERO Shadow Mist". You can only use 1 "Elemental HERO Shadow Mist" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
"Elemental HERO Flame Wingman" + "Elemental HERO Sparkman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Elemental HERO" card in your Graveyard. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Phoenix Enforcer" + "Elemental HERO Sparkman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each "Elemental HERO" card in your Graveyard. This card cannot be destroyed by battle.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower “HERO” monster from your hand. If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the GY by a Spell effect: You can target 1 “HERO” monster in your GY, except “Elemental HERO Solid Soldier”; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of “Elemental HERO Solid Soldier” once per turn.
An Elemental HERO and a warrior of light who proficiently wields many kinds of armaments. His Static Shockwave cuts off the path of villainy.
"Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Gain Life Points equal to the ATK of that destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird" + "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Extra Deck. When this card is shuffled into the Extra Deck this way: Shuffle all cards on the field into the Deck.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects. ● You can destroy Spell/Trap Cards on the field, up to the number of "HERO" monsters you control, except this card. ● Add 1 "HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand.
2 "HERO" monsters with different Attributes  Must be Fusion Summoned. All monsters you control gain ATK equal to the number of different Attributes you control x 200. You can only use each of the following effects of "Elemental HERO Sunriser" once per turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Miracle Fusion" from your Deck to your hand.  ● When an attack is declared involving your other "HERO" monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can send 1 other card you control to the Graveyard to target 1 monster you control; while this card is face-up on the field, that monster cannot be destroyed by battle.
"Elemental HERO Ocean" + "Elemental HERO Woodsman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can Tribute 1 face-up "Elemental HERO" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster's ATK, until the End Phase.
1 "Elemental HERO" monster + 1 LIGHT monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target up to 2 of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters; add those targets to your hand.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card to target 1 face-up monster on the field with original ATK less than the ATK of this card; destroy that target.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 of your banished "Elemental HERO" monsters; Special Summon that target.
"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Avian" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can discard 1 card to target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
"Elemental HERO Wildheart" + "Elemental HERO Bladedge" Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack every monster your opponent controls (one attack on each monster per Battle Phase).
This card is unaffected by Trap effects.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Doriado's Blessing". The Attribute of this card is also treated as WIND, WATER, FIRE, and EARTH while it is face-up on the field.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 "Elementsaber" monster (except "Elementsaber Aina") or "Elemental Lord" monster (that has been properly Summoned) in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Once per turn, if this card is in the GY: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card in the GY becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated (Quick Effect): You can send 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your hand to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. Once per turn, if this card is in the GY: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card in the GY becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
You can send 2 other monsters from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Elementsaber Lapauila Mana" once per turn. Apply the following effect(s) to "Elementsaber" and "Elemental Lord" monsters you control, depending on the original Attributes of any "Elementsaber" monsters sent to the GY to activate this card's effect.  ● EARTH or WIND: Cannot be destroyed by battle.  ● WATER or FIRE: Cannot be destroyed by effects.  ● LIGHT or DARK: Your opponent cannot target it with card effects.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your hand to the GY; add 1 "Elementsaber" or "Elemental Lord" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Elementsaber Makani". Once per turn, if this card is in the GY: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card in the GY becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your hand to the GY; send 1 "Elementsaber" or "Elemental Lord" monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Elementsaber Malo". Once per turn, if this card is in the GY: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card in the GY becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn, if this card is in the GY: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card in the GY becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 "Elementsaber" or "Elemental Lord" monster in your GY, except "Elementsaber Nalu"; add it to your hand. Once per turn, if this card is in the GY: You can declare 1 Attribute; this card in the GY becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
When this card is sent from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You gain 2000 Life Points.
When this card is sent from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 of your Level 3 or lower Beast-Type, Beast-Warrior-Type or Winged Beast-Type monsters that is removed from play, and add it to your hand.
2 Level 3 or higher Cyberse monsters  Gains 300 ATK for each monster it points to. If this face-up Link Summoned card leaves the field: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but for the rest of this turn, it has its effects negated, also it cannot be used as Link Material. You can only use this effect of "Elphase" once per turn.
An imperfect monster with a belly vortex that sucks in opponents of any size.
Each time this card destroys an opponent's monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, increase the ATK of this card by 700 points.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can Normal Summon this card with 1 Tribute. If you do, it becomes Level 5 and its original ATK and DEF are halved.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Each player adds 1 Level 3 or lower Normal Monster from their Deck to their hand.
While a face-up Level 3 or lower Normal Monster is on your side of the field, your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. While this card is face-up on your side of the field, any Battle Damage to the controller of this card from battle involving a Level 3 or lower Normal Monster becomes 0.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters. This card's ATK becomes the combined original ATK of the Tributed monsters. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects during the Battle Phase.
You can banish both 1 face-up Spellcaster-Type monster you control, except this card, and 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase. You can only use the effect of "Emperor of Prophecy" once per turn. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
A reptilian monster that sprays fire in every direction.
Each time you Tribute Summon a monster, each player can select 1 card from their Graveyard and return it to the top of their Deck.
"Queen's Double" + "Hibikime"
Queen of an army of giant mantises whose command moves legions.
2 Level 5 Spellcaster-Type monsters This card gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to a monster you control. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; shuffle your Deck, then excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, destroy monsters on the field up to the number of "Spellbook" cards excavated, also, after that, place the excavated cards on the top of the Deck in any order.
A beautiful mermaid that lures voyagers to a watery grave.
2+ Cyberse monsters  Once per turn, before damage calculation, if your monster this card points to battles an opponent's monster with higher ATK than it: You can make that monster unable to be destroyed by that battle, also you take no battle damage from that battle. After that damage calculation, have this card or 1 monster it points to gain ATK equal to the ATK of that battled opponent's monster, until the end of this turn.
If you have 2000 Life Points or less, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: This card's ATK becomes half the opponent's Life Points.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Graveyard) by removing 6 Spell Counters from a "Magical Citadel of Endymion" you control. If Summoned this way: Target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell Card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can remove 6 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone, then destroy cards on the field, up to the number of cards you control that you can place a Spell Counter on, and if you do, place Spell Counters on this card equal to the number of cards destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can return 1 card you control with a Spell Counter(s) to the hand, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy that card, then you can place Spell Counters on this card equal to the number of Spell Counters that were on the returned card. This card with a Spell Counter(s) cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. When this card with a Spell Counter is destroyed by battle: You can add 1 Normal Spell from your Deck to your hand.
Gemini Monsters you control that are being treated as Effect Monsters cannot be destroyed by card effects.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect by declaring exactly 1 card name: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; declare 1 other card name. The card name your opponent declared becomes the card name declared by this effect. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster; destroy that target. This card cannot declare an attack the turn you activate this effect.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned using a "Magician" Pendulum Monster as Material: You can target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" once per turn. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.
If a Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
This card gains 400 ATK and DEF for each card in your hand.
During either player's Battle Phase: You can discard this card, then target 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster or "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster you control; it gains 1500 ATK until the end of this turn, and if it does, every opponent's monster that battles it this turn has its ATK become that monster's original ATK during damage calculation only. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard: You can banish 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard, except this card; add this card to your hand.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: You can send 2 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Cards with different names from your hand and/or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, shuffle 1 card from your opponent's hand (at random), Graveyard, or their side of the field into the Deck. Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF; add it to your hand.
FLIP: Target 1 face-up WATER monster your opponent controls; take control of that target while this card is face-up on the field.
If your opponent controls 2 or more cards in their Spell & Trap Zones, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
When this removed from play card is Special Summoned, remove from play the top card of your Deck, face-down. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, add that removed card to your hand.
If this card attacks your opponent directly, it gains 500 ATK during the Damage Step only.
If this card is sent to the GY: You can banish up to 2 other LIGHT Fairy monsters from your field and/or GY; add the same number of Level 2 or lower LIGHT Fairy monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, except "Eva". You can only use this effect of "Eva" once per turn.
A "Black Luster Soldier" monster Ritual Summoned using this card gains these effects. You can only use this effect of "Evening Twilight Knight" once per turn.  ● Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.  ● Once per turn: You can banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand face-down, until your opponent's next End Phase.  If this card is banished from your Graveyard: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Evening Twilight Knight" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. When this card is Ritual Summoned: Look at up to 2 random cards in your opponent's hand, then shuffle 1 of them into the Deck.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. When this card declares an attack: Draw 1 card, and if you do, reveal it, then if it was a "Gishki" monster, look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand.
2 Level 4 monsters  After damage calculation, if this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; shuffle the destroyed monster into the Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Ritual Summoned. You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. When this card is Ritual Summoned: Target up to 5 cards in any Graveyard(s); shuffle those targets to the Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Ritual Summoned. You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Gishki" monster to target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; shuffle that target into the Deck.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. Once per turn: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell or Trap); your opponent can discard 1 card to negate this card's effect, otherwise both players send 1 card of the declared type from their Main Deck to the Graveyard.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play all Reptile-Type monsters from your side of the field and Graveyard. This card's ATK and DEF are each equal to the number of Reptile-Type monsters you removed x 600. During each of your End Phases, destroy 1 card on the field.
You can discard this card; add 1 "Dark Fusion", or 1 card that specifically lists "Dark Fusion" in its text, from your Deck to your hand, except "Evil HERO Adusted Gold". You can only use this effect of "Evil HERO Adusted Gold" once per turn. Cannot attack unless you control a Fusion Monster.
1 Fiend-Type monster + 1 Rock-Type monster Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. The original ATK of this card is equal to the combined original ATK of the Fusion Material Monsters used to Fusion Summon it. When this card declares an attack: You can change all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position. (Flip Effects are not activated at this time.)
During your Main Phase 1: You can banish this card, then target 1 Fiend-Type monster you control; that target can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. During your second Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Special Summon this banished card in Attack Position.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Attack Position. During the End Phase, if you Tributed this card this turn to Tribute Summon a "HERO" monster: Draw 1 card.
"Elemental HERO Clayman" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by Spell Cards. During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. This card must be in face-up Defense Position to activate and to resolve this effect.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to either the ATK or DEF (whichever is higher) of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
"Elemental HERO Sparkman" + "Elemental HERO Clayman" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
1 "Evil HERO" monster + 1 Level 5 or higher monster  Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion". Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; you cannot declare attacks for the rest of this turn, except with "HERO" monsters, also destroy as many monsters your opponent controls as possible with ATK less than or equal to this card's, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each destroyed monster. You can only use this effect of "Evil HERO Malicious Bane" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster, you can Tribute Summon this card with 1 Tribute. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
"Evil HERO Malicious Edge" + 1 Level 6 or higher Fiend-Type monster Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During your opponent's Battle Phase, all monsters they control are changed to face-up Attack Position, and each monster they control must attack this card, if able.
You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Evil HERO" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Evil HERO Sinister Necrom". You can only use this effect of "Evil HERO Sinister Necrom" once per turn.
"Elemental HERO Avian" + "Elemental HERO Wildheart" Must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
You can Tribute this card; inflict 300 damage to your opponent, and if you do, you can Special Summon up to 2 "Evil Thorn" from your Deck in Attack Position, but their effects cannot be activated.
Cannot be destroyed by battle, while you control another monster. Neither player can target face-up Spells/Traps you control with card effects.
FLIP: Target 1 Special Summoned monster on the field; shuffle that target into the Deck.
2 Level 4 "lswarm" monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; discard 1 "lswarm" monster, and if you do, take control of that opponent's monster.
During the turn this card was Normal Summoned, you can Normal Summon 1 "lswarm" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card leaves the field because of your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until your next End Phase.
2 Level 4 monsters  Once per chain, during your Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase, if your opponent has more total cards in their hand and field than you do (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; destroy all other cards on the field, also your opponent takes no further damage this turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher non-DARK monster on the field; destroy that target.
.ytilaer a maerd rieht ekam thgim yeht taht os ydob a rof gninraey ,sluos mrawsleetS gniregnil fo sthguoht eht era esehT "!etanimretxE !etacidarE !etanimilE"
FLIP: Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
You can only use each effect of "Evilswarm Kerykeion" once per turn. While this card is in the Graveyard, if it was sent there this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 "lswarm" monster for 1 less Tribute. You can banish 1 "lswarm" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "lswarm" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, also, this card gains the following effect. ● This turn: You can activate this effect; Normal Summon 1 "lswarm" monster.
You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
2 Level 4 DARK monsters When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change that Special Summoned monster(s) to face-down Defense Position.
You can Tribute this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
After damage calculation, if this card battles a monster: Negate the effects of that monster (including in the Graveyard).
2 Level 4 "lswarm" monsters While this card has Xyz Material, Level 5 or higher monsters cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "Infestation" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects. Each effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. ● Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. ● Send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard. ● Target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.
Up to twice per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 300 ATK until the end of your opponent's turn.
2 Level 4 DARK monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this face-up card is unaffected by other monster effects this turn.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card you control. During the next Standby Phase, return this card banished by this effect to the field, and if you do, it gains 300 ATK. You can only use the effect of "Evilswarm Thunderbird" once per turn.
If this face-up card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Target 1 Special Summoned Level 5 or higher monster on the field; destroy that target.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● You can send 1 face-up Equip Card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the GY. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect.  ● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 FIRE Warrior monster or 1 Gemini monster in your GY, except "Evocator Eveque"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Evocator Eveque" once per turn.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: It gains 200 ATK. If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster, each time this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can add 1 "Evoltile" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase that target's Level by up to 2.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: You can Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower FIRE Dinosaur-Type monster from your hand.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: It gains 500 DEF. If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster, then is destroyed by battle: You can add 1 "Evoltile" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: This card loses 500 ATK.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster: You can target 1 "Evolsaur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. It cannot declare an attack.
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 2 Level 6 or lower FIRE Dinosaur-Type monsters with the same name from your Deck. Their effects are negated and they are banished during the End Phase.
When this card on the field is Tributed and sent to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card, then, you can shuffle 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your hand into the Deck, then add 1 "Evoltile" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Evolsaur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. When this card is flipped face-up: You can Special Summon 1 "Evoltile" monster from your Deck.
You can Tribute 1 Reptile monster, then discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower FIRE Dinosaur monster from your Deck. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Dragon Xyz Monster you control with no material; attach up to 2 Reptile and/or Dinosaur monsters with different names from your hand and/or GY to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Evoltile Megachirella" once per turn.
If this card on the field is Tributed: You can Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your hand.
If this card you control is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your hand.
FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your Deck.
2 Level 4 Dinosaur-Type monsters During either player's turn, when a monster effect activates: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.
2 Level 4 Dinosaur-Type monsters During either player's turn, when a monster(s) would be Normal or Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
2 Level 6 Dinosaur-Type monsters This card cannot be destroyed by card effects while it has Xyz Material. When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy that monster(s).
If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 Dragon-Type "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished: You can target 1 of your banished "Nekroz" monsters, except this card; Special Summon that monster. You can only use 1 "Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
During your Battle Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: You can make this card lose exactly 400 ATK, and if it does, it will inflict piercing battle damage. These effects last until the end of this turn.
2+ Cyberse monsters  When this card is Link Summoned: You can choose unused Main Monster Zones equal to the number of monsters currently in the Extra Monster Zones; those zones cannot be used while this monster is face-up on the field. You can only use this effect of "Excode Talker" once per turn. Monsters this card points to gain 500 ATK, also they cannot be destroyed by card effects.
You can Tribute this card to target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Contract with Exodia", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle or Spell/Trap effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: This card gains 500 ATK. Destroy this card unless all 5 of these cards are in your Graveyard - "Exodia the Forbidden One", "Right Arm of the Forbidden One", "Left Arm of the Forbidden One", "Right Leg of the Forbidden One" and "Left Leg of the Forbidden One".
If you have "Right Leg of the Forbidden One", "Left Leg of the Forbidden One", "Right Arm of the Forbidden One" and "Left Arm of the Forbidden One" in addition to this card in your hand, you win the Duel.
Cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute 5 monsters to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. If this card Summoned this way destroys a DARK Fiend monster that is owned by your opponent by battle, you win the Duel. This card's ATK/DEF becomes the combined original ATK/DEF of the Tributed monsters.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by shuffling all monsters in your Graveyard into the Deck, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card declares an attack: Send 1 monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Normal Monster in your Graveyard. If this face-up card would leave the field, banish it instead. If there are 5 different "Forbidden One" cards in your Graveyard that were sent there by this card's effect, you win the Duel.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy the monster that destroyed it. Neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving this attacking card.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dragon-Type monsters At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a monster: You can destroy that monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK the destroyed monster had on the field. This card's ATK must be greater than or equal to the ATK of that monster to activate and to resolve this effect.
When a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then each player takes 2000 damage. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Exploderokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Exploderokket Dragon" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Spellcaster-Type monsters You can remove 2 Spell Counters from your side of the field to select and destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.
You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. If a monster equipped with this card by this effect has no Xyz Materials, destroy that monster. While this card is equipped to a monster, during each of your opponent's Standby Phases: Detach 1 Xyz Material from the equipped monster.
An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● If it is Xyz Summoned: It gains 800 ATK.
When this card is Summoned: You can target 2 "roid" monsters in your GY, except "Expressroid"; add those targets to your hand.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, your opponent takes any effect damage you would have taken from their card effects this turn, instead.
When a monster in the Extra Monster Zone is destroyed by battle with a monster in the Main Monster Zone and sent to the GY, while this card is in the GY: You can Special Summon this card, in Defense Position, to the field of that destroyed monster's owner. You can only use this effect of "Extraceratops" once per turn. If this card Summoned this way is destroyed and sent to the GY: Draw 1 card.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 "sphinx" monster. Each time an EARTH monster is Flip Summoned while this card remains face-up on the field, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
This warrior transforms into various creatures to confuse enemies in battle.
If this card is in your hand or GY: You can target 1 "F.A." monster you control whose current Level is higher than its original Level; Special Summon this card, and if you do, reduce that target's Level by the difference between its current and original Level, and if you do that, this card's Level become equal to the amount reduced. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "F.A." Field Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "F.A. Auto Navigator" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having a Level 7 or higher "F.A." monster on the field, but no "F.A. Dark Dragster" in your Monster Zone. Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card's Level by 1. Once per turn: You can target 1 card on the field; reduce this card's Level by 3, and if you do, destroy that target.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card's Level by 1. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can reduce this card's Level by 2, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy that card.
Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Unaffected by activated effects from an opponent's monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's Level. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card's Level by 1. If this card is Level 7 or higher, any card sent to your opponent's GY is banished instead.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase the Level of this card by 1. This card gains the following effect(s), based on its current Level.  ● Level 11 or higher: Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.  ● Level 13 or higher: Once per turn: You can target 1 "F.A." monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
2 Machine monsters  Gains ATK equal to the total Levels of the "F.A." monsters this card points to x 300. Neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving this card. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: Place 1 Athlete Counter on this card. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 Athlete Counter from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. You can only use this effect of "F.A. Shining Star GT" once per turn.
Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Cannot be destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's Level. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card's Level by 1. If this card is Level 7 or higher, it can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.
Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Your opponent's monsters whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's Level cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. Your opponent cannot target monsters, except this one, with the effects of monsters whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's Level. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card's Level by 1. If your "F.A." monster battles while you control this Level 7 or higher card, your opponent's monsters cannot activate their effects until the end of the Damage Step.
Gains ATK equal to its Level x 300. Your opponent must pay 300 LP to activate the effect of a monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's Level. Each time a "F.A." Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can increase this card's Level by 1. If this card is Level 7 or higher, your opponent cannot discard or send cards from their hand to the GY to activate a card effect.
If this card attacks or is attacked, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard once per battle; this card gains 600 ATK during that damage calculation only.
You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 "Fabled" monster. Once per turn, the effect of the first Normal Spell Card your opponent activates becomes "Your opponent discards 1 card". ("Your opponent" means the controller of this monster.)
When a "Fabled" monster(s) is sent from the hand to your Graveyard, you can Tribute this card to select 1 of those monster(s) and Special Summon it.
You can discard 1 card to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with DEF less than or equal to this card's ATK.
If you control a face-up "Fabled" monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 "Fabled" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Fabled Grimro".
When this card is discarded to the Graveyard, select 1 Level 4 or lower "Fabled" monster in your Graveyard, except this card, and Special Summon it.
You can discard 1 "Fabled" monster to the Graveyard except "Fabled Kushano" to add this card from your Graveyard to your hand.
1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select up to 3 "Fabled" monsters in your Graveyard. Add them to your hand.
When this card is discarded from your hand to the Graveyard, Special Summon it.
You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to select 1 face-up "Fabled" monster you control. The selected monster is treated as a Tuner monster while face-up on the field.
Once per turn, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 Level 3 "Fabled" monster from your hand.
1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  When this card is Synchro Summoned, if you have 1 or less cards in your hand, you can draw until you have 2 cards in your hand.
Once per turn: You can discard any number of cards, and if you do, this card gains 1 Level and 400 ATK for each discarded card, until the end of this turn.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 2 cards, except "Fabled Soulkius", from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
If your opponent has 2 or more cards in their hand than you do, you can reveal 1 "Fabled" monster in your hand and Tribute this face-up card to select 2 Spell or Trap Cards your opponent controls, and destroy them.
While you have 2 or less cards in your hand, all face-up "Fabled" monsters you control gain 400 ATK.
1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can discard 1 Fiend-Type monster to draw 1 card.
During your Main Phase, you can inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each face-up LIGHT monster you control. This card cannot attack during the same turn you activate this effect. Only one "Fairy Archer" can have its effect activated per turn.
2 Level 4 Fairy-Type monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Fairy Cheer Girl" once per turn.
This beautiful Dragon spirit harbors hidden strength.
Tribute this face-up card to return 1 Spell Card sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card effect during this turn to the bottom of your Deck.
2 Level 4 EARTH monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all non-EARTH monsters currently on the field lose 500 ATK and DEF.
While this card is in Defense Position, all Plant-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF.
3 Level 6 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; return all other cards on the field to the hand. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
This fairy protects a fountain from any who seek to muddy its waters.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Spellcaster-Type monster with 1850 ATK from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; your opponent can send 1 card with that monster's name from their Deck or Extra Deck to the Graveyard to negate this effect, otherwise return both this card and that monster to the hand.
Neither player can target monsters on the field with Spell Cards or effects, except this one. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell Card; equip 1 Equip Spell Card from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard to this card, but return that Equip Spell Card to the hand during the End Phase.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Normal Spell/Trap Card: You can Tribute 1 other monster; the activated effect becomes "Change 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position". You can only use this effect of "Fairy Tail - Sleeper" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position. During either player's turn, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 7 other cards from your hand, field, and/or Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
This flying monster is known for delivering happiness to all.
Though destined to be a fairy, this creature chose the way of the witch instead.
This long-tailed bird blinds its enemies with mystical light.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Activate 1 of these effects. ● Send 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster with 1200 or less ATK from your Deck to your Graveyard. ● Target 1 LIGHT Machine-Type monster with 1200 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 Plant-Type monster you control to the hand, except "Fallen Angel of Roses", but banish it when it leaves the field.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Each player can Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from their hand.
You can send 1 "Aussa the Earth Charmer" and 1 EARTH monster you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand or Deck. If you do, this card gets the following effect: ● During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Deck) by sending 1 face-up "Dharc the Dark Charmer" you control and 1 face-up DARK monster you control to the Graveyard. When you do: You can add 1 Level 3 or 4 LIGHT Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card was Special Summoned by this effect and attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
You can send 1 "Eria the Water Charmer" and 1 WATER monster you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand or Deck. If you do, this card gets the following effect: ● During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
You can send 1 "Hiita the Fire Charmer" and 1 FIRE monster you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand or Deck. If you do, this card gets the following effect: ● During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Deck) by sending 1 face-up "Lyna the Light Charmer" you control and 1 face-up LIGHT monster you control to the Graveyard. When Summoned this way: You can add 1 Spellcaster-Type monster with 1500 DEF from your Deck to your hand, except "Familiar-Possessed - Lyna". If this card Special Summoned by its own effect attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
You can send 1 "Wynn the Wind Charmer" and 1 WIND monster you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand or Deck. If you do, this card gets the following effect: ● During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
Monsters Tributed for the face-up Tribute Summon of this card are returned to the hand instead of going to the GY. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; return all cards your opponent controls in this card's column to the hand.
If your opponent Special Summons a Link Monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, draw cards equal to the number of Link Monsters your opponent controls +1, then shuffle cards from your hand into the Deck equal to the number of Link Monsters they control. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a monster(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Fantastical Dragon Phantazmay" once per turn.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Farfa, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 monster on the field; banish it until the End Phase.
When this card is sent from your hand or Deck to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon this card.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to the Graveyard and draw 1 card.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it becomes Level 3.
Cannot be Special Summoned except from the Graveyard, and only if it was sent there from the field. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard; this card gains ATK equal to that monster's Level x 200.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If this card is sent from your Deck to the GY by a monster effect: Special Summon it. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Destroy all Set Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing 2 WATER monsters in your Graveyard from play. When this card destroys an opponent's monster as a result of battle, your opponent skips his/her next Draw Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. During your Main Phase 2, if an "Aesir" monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position. If an "Aesir" monster is not on the field, destroy this card. At the start of your Battle Phase: Change all Defense Position monsters you control to face-up Attack Position. Both players take any battle damage involving this card.
A playful little fiend that lurks in the dark, waiting to attack an unwary enemy.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send cards from the top of your opponent's Deck to the GY, equal to the number of cards they control. If this card is Special Summoned: You can send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY, equal to the number of cards your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Festive Flame" once per turn.
FLIP: Each player shuffles all cards from their hand, field, and Graveyard into the Deck, then draws 5 cards.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Choose 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck, except "Field-Commander Rahz", and place it on top of your Deck.
A giant squid that drags its enemies to a watery grave.
This monster can draw its enemies into a mirror world that renders them helpless.
A bird-beast that summons reinforcements with a hand mirror.
A huge scorpion inhabited by the soul of a fiend. Usually it holds back, but has untapped potential.
"Cave Dragon" + "Lesser Fiend"  (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)  A Fusion Summon of this card can only be done with the above Fusion Material Monsters. Negate the effects of Flip Effect Monsters. Negate any Trap effects that target this card on the field, and if you do, destroy that Trap Card.
Whoever resists the curse of this blade will gain untold power.
Arms that reach out from the Swamp of Chaos to drag down the damned.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Beastly Mirror Ritual".
During your End Phase: Special Summon 1 "Engine Token" (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 200/DEF 200) in Attack Position. Once per turn: You can have this card gain 1000 ATK until the End Phase. During the End Phase, if this effect of this card was used: Destroy this card.
Fiend monsters you control, except "Fiendish Rhino Warrior", cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If this card is sent to the GY: You can send 1 Fiend monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Fiendish Rhino Warrior". You can only use this effect of "Fiendish Rhino Warrior" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Filo, Messenger Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster "Fur Hire" in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but place it on the bottom of the Deck if it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Filo, Messenger Fur Hire" once per turn.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can pay 800 Life Points to select 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard, and add it to your hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 5 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, but its effects are negated, also send it to the Graveyard during the End Phase of this turn.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent, and if you do, skip your next Draw Phase. You can only use this effect of "Fire Cracker" once per turn. Each time your opponent takes effect damage, place 1 counter on this card. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Remove all counters from this card, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Counter you removed.
An eye engulfed in flames that flaps its wings to create hot blasts of air.
2 Beast, Beast-Warrior, and/or Winged Beast monsters  This card gains 100 ATK for each Beast, Beast-Warrior, and Winged Beast monster on the field. Once per turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap on each field; destroy them. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 of your Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monsters, that is banished or is in your GY; add it to your hand.
When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 monster they control; destroy that target, then you can Special Summon 1 "Ice Hand" from your Deck.
When a monster effect is activated while this monster is on the field (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy 1 other FIRE monster in your hand or field. If this card is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 1 FIRE Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast monster in your GY, except "Fire King Avatar Arvata"; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated, also it is destroyed during the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Fire King Avatar Arvata" once per turn.
If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During the next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Fire King" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Fire King Avatar Barong".
If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Fire King Avatar" monster from your Deck.
If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can send 1 FIRE monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
If a face-up "Fire King" monster you control is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can destroy 1 card in your hand or that you control. You can only use this effect of "Fire King Avatar Yaksha" once per turn.
During the next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. When you do: Destroy all other monsters on the field. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Fire King" monster from your Deck, except "Fire King High Avatar Garunix".
A squid that thrives on fire and heat.
A blazingly hardheaded dinosaur leader. It greets its enemies with its signature move Fire Opal Headbutt after toying with them with its dynamic movements and flames.
2+ Cyberse monsters  During damage calculation, if this card attacks: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card's ATK, and if you do, your opponent takes no battle damage from that battle. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls. During the next Standby Phase after this Link Summoned card was destroyed and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Fire Phoenix @Ignister" once per turn.
Each time you gain Life Points, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
A reaper with a flaming arrow that burns an enemy to a crisp.
FLIP: Randomly select 2 cards from your hand and remove them from play to inflict 800 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
When this card is Summoned, you can send it to the Graveyard to inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
Each time a Winged Beast-Type monster(s) on your side of the field is destroyed, this card gains 500 ATK.
A fire-breathing plant found growing near volcanoes.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-FIRE monsters.
2+ monsters  Once while face-up on the field (Quick Effect): You can target monsters on the field and/or GY up to the number of monsters co-linked to this card; return them to the hand. If a monster this card points to is destroyed by battle or sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.
3+ Effect Monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can place counters on this card equal to the number of Cyberse monsters in your GY of a different monster card type (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz). Gains 2500 ATK for each of these counters on this card during the Battle Phase only. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 counter from this card; negate the activation, also if this effect was activated while this card attacked, it can make a second attack in a row.
2+ Level 4 monsters  This Xyz Summoned card gains ATK equal to the total Link Rating of the Link Monsters linked to it x 500. You can detach 2 materials from this card, then target 1 Link-4 Cyberse Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your field so it points to this card, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, nor attack directly.
If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a Cyberse monster: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. When an attack is declared involving your Link Monster and an opponent's Link Monster: You can banish this card from your GY; negate that attack, and if you do, until the end of this turn, the original ATK of that opponent's monster becomes 0, also it is unaffected by card effects, except its own. You can only use each effect of "Firewall Guardian" once per turn.
A heavenly stallion soaring through the skies on crimson wings.
A malevolent creature wrapped in flames that attacks enemies with intense fire.
2 Normal Monsters Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only control 1 "First of the Dragons". This card cannot be destroyed by battle, except by battle with a Normal Monster, and is unaffected by other monsters' effects.
If this card is in your Graveyard and you control no monsters during either of your Main Phases: You can discard 1 WATER monster; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, but destroy all monsters you control at the beginning of this turn's Battle Phase, except for WATER monsters. You can only use the effect of "Fishborg Archer" once per turn.
If you control a face-up Level 3 or lower WATER monster: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster, all other Synchro Material Monsters must be WATER.
If this card is in your Graveyard and all monsters you control are "Fishborg" monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Fishborg Doctor" once per turn. If you control a monster that is not a "Fishborg" monster, destroy this card.
If you have a monster(s) in your Graveyard other than "Fishborg Launcher", and all of them are WATER: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. If you do, banish it when it leaves the field. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a WATER monster. You can only use the effect of "Fishborg Launcher" once per turn.
Once, while this card is in the Graveyard: You can send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, then, if it is a WATER monster, Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Fishborg Planter" once per turn.
5 Dragon-Type monsters Must be Fusion Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or WIND monster.
2 Cyberse monsters  All Link Monsters you control gain 800 ATK. You can only control 1 "Flame Administrator".
When this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "Ninja" monster you control; increase its Level by 1.
If this face-up card leaves the field: You can discard 1 Cyberse monster, and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Flame Bufferlo" once per turn..
Known to many as the "Burning Executioner", this monster is capable of burning enemies to cinders.
A warrior protected by a flaming shield that nullifies any attack.
This monster moves while swinging its burning rope.
"Skull Servant" + "Dissolverock"
This Spellcaster attacks enemies with fire-related spells such as "Sea of Flames" and "Wall of Fire".
(Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card from your hand to that target as an Equip Spell that makes it gain 500 ATK. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 FIRE Warrior monster or 1 Equip Spell from your Deck to your hand, except "Flame Noble Knight Roland". You can only use each effect of "Flame Noble Knight Roland" once per turn.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned, draw 1 card.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a FIRE monster
You can Tribute 1 face-up FIRE monster to inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each FIRE monster in your Graveyard.
"Flame Manipulator" + "Masaki the Legendary Swordsman"
During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and you control no monsters, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, banish it when it leaves the field.
A fire-breathing snake whose speed makes it a difficult target.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 face-up Pyro-Type monster you control to have all face-up "Flamvell" monsters on the field gain 800 ATK until the End Phase.
During your Main Phase, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to select 1 face-up FIRE monster you control and have it gain 400 ATK.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card can only be Normal Summoned by Tributing 1 "Flamvell" monster you control. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 monster in your Graveyard with 200 DEF to inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can remove from play this card in your Graveyard, along with 1 face-up FIRE monster you control, to add 1 "Flamvell Dragnov" from your Deck to your hand.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each Pyro-Type monster in your Graveyard.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE monster with 200 or less DEF from your Deck, except "Flamvell Firedog".
When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Level of the destroyed monster x 200.
A Flamvell guardian who commands fire with his will. His magma-hot barrier protects his troops from intruders.
While you control an "Ally of Justice" monster(s), this card gains 400 ATK.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 monster with 200 DEF from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. This card gains 300 ATK each time it inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent.
A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material gains 300 ATK.
Decrease the ATK and DEF of this card by 400 points for each card in your hand.
2+ Dragon monsters  You cannot Summon/Set monsters to a zone this card points to. Once per turn, if a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, to a zone(s) this card points to (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy 1 monster this card points to, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. When a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 monster; negate the activation.
The power of the pendulum flashes forth from this shining knight.
Once per turn: You can reveal 1 monster in your hand; increase the Level of this card by the Level of that monster, until the End Phase.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower monster from your hand.
If you control at least 2 other Cyberse monsters and you have no cards in your hand: You can pay 1000 LP; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Flick Clown" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can equip a "Flint" on the field to this card. You can take any "Flint" equipped to this card and equip it to another face-up monster. This card can only be equipped with one "Flint" at a time. While equipped with "Flint", this card is unaffected by "Flint's" effect and cannot be destroyed by battle.
Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up, you can return monsters your opponent controls to their owners' hand up to the number of face-up "Frog" monsters you control, except "Frog the Jam".
If this card is sent to the GY: You can change all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position.
1 Tuner + 2 non-Tuner monsters If a "Flower Cardian" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Flower Cardian" monster from your Graveyard; until the end of your opponent's next turn, your opponent cannot activate effects of cards in the Graveyard, also they cannot Special Summon monsters from the Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned by its own effect. You can reveal this card in your hand; draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then Special Summon this card if the drawn card is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it and this card to the Graveyard. During either player's Damage Step, when your "Flower Cardian" monster battles an opponent's monster: You can discard this card; your battling monster gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Clover with Boar". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then, if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, you can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard.
1 Tuner + 4 non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If a "Flower Cardian" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, that opponent's monster has its effects negated during the Battle Phase only. If this face-up Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can Special Summon 1 "Flower Cardian" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Flower Cardian Lightflare".
1 Tuner + 3 non-Tuner monsters Your opponent cannot target "Flower Cardian" monsters you control with card effects, also those monsters cannot be destroyed by card effects. During your opponent's Draw Phase, if they draw a card(s) for their normal draw: Inflict 1500 damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: Activate 1 of these effects; ● Skip the Draw Phase of your next turn. ● This card has its other effects negated until your opponent's next Standby Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Maple with Deer". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then, if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard.
1 Tuner + 2 non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then, if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, you can Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and it can attack directly this turn. If you activated this effect, skip the Draw Phase of your next turn. When this card is used as Synchro Material, you can treat it and all other Synchro Materials (that have a Level) as Level 2 monsters.
While you control a Level 11 or lower "Flower Cardian" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Flower Cardian" monsters. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack, end the Battle Phase, then draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Level 12 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Paulownia with Phoenix". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. Once per turn, when this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Peony with Butterfly". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then, if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster, look at the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck, then place them all on the top or bottom of the Deck in any order. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. When this card is used as Synchro Material, you can treat it and all other Synchro Materials (that have a Level) as Level 2 monsters.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Draw 1 card, show it, then send it to the Graveyard unless it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. You can only use this effect of "Flower Cardian Pine" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Level 1 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Pine with Crane". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Draw 1 card.
While you control a Level 10 or lower "Flower Cardian" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Flower Cardian" monsters. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Flower Cardian" monster in your Graveyard; shuffle it into your Deck, then draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Level 11 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Willow with Calligrapher". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. When this card is used as Synchro Material, you can treat it and all other Synchro Materials (that have a Level) as Level 2 monsters.
While you control a Level 7 or lower "Flower Cardian" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Flower Cardian" monsters. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can reveal any number of "Flower Cardian" monsters in your hand, shuffle them into the Deck, then draw the same number of cards.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Level 8 "Flower Cardian" monster, except "Flower Cardian Zebra Grass with Moon". If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card, and if you do, show it, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Flower Cardian" monster. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. Once per turn, if this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can draw 1 card.
"Silver Fang" + "Darkworld Thorns"
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on the top of the Deck.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 "Fluffal" or "Edge Imp" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Angel" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster in your GY; discard 1 card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Angel" once per turn.
You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; Set 1 "Toy Vendor" directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Polymerization" in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Fluffal Bear" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can target 1 "Polymerization" in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Cat" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand: You can add 1 "Edge Imp Sabres" or 1 "Fluffal" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Fluffal Dog". You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Dog" once per turn.
When this card declares an attack: It gains 500 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon up to 2 copies of "Fluffal Mouse" from your Deck. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except "Frightfur" monsters.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Fluffal" or "Edge Imp" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon of a "Frightfur" Fusion Monster: You can target up to 2 of your banished monsters; return them to the Graveyard. You can only use each effect of "Fluffal Octopus" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. You can pay 500 LP; Fusion Summon 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. You can only use 1 "Fluffal Owl" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Fluffal" monster from your hand, except "Fluffal Penguin". This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon of a "Frightfur" Fusion Monster: You can draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Penguin" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can target 1 "Edge Imp Sabres" or 1 "Fluffal" monster in your Graveyard, except "Fluffal Rabbit"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Rabbit" once per turn.
If you control a "Fluffal" monster, except "Fluffal Sheep", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can return 1 other "Fluffal" monster you control to the hand; Special Summon 1 "Edge Imp" monster from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Sheep" once per turn.
If this card is in your Graveyard and you control "Toy Vendor": You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Fluffal" monster in your Graveyard; banish it, and if you do, draw 1 card, then you can send 1 "Toy Vendor" you control to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Fluffal Wings" once per turn.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card inflicted Battle Damage to your opponent: Banish this card until your next Standby Phase.
When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can Special Summon this card from your hand to the opponent's field in Defense Position. The controller of this card cannot Xyz Summon.
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1 WATER monster; this card gains 500 ATK. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua monster from your hand or Deck. You can only use each effect of "Flying Carp" once per turn.
Once per opponent's turn, if this card would be destroyed by their card effect, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, during their End Phase, if that effect was applied this turn: Apply the following effect.  ●During your next turn, if this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack, you win the Duel.
Three wishes are granted to those fortunate enough to see this monster in flight.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with the effect of "Summon Reactor・SK". Once per turn, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy 1 card your opponent controls. Once during each of your opponent's turns, you can activate 1 of the following effects: ● When your opponent Normal Summons or Special Summons a monster, destroy it and inflict 800 damage to your opponent. ● When your opponent Sets a card, destroy it and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 WIND monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.
A flying mantis that feeds primarily on insects.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 EARTH Machine monster in your GY, except "Flying Pegasus Railroad Stampede"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can target 1 other face-up monster you control; the Level of that monster or this card becomes the Level of the other. You cannot declare attacks the turn you activate this effect, except with Xyz Monsters. You can only use each effect of "Flying Pegasus Railroad Stampede" once per turn.
A very rare penguin that takes to the air with ears shaped like wings.
While this card is face-up on the field, you can select and add 1 "Alien" card from your Deck to your hand instead of conducting your normal draw during your Draw Phase.
You can Tribute 1 monster, or no monsters, to Normal Summon (but not Set) this card. The ATK of this card becomes the combined original ATK of the Tributed monsters. Neither player can Tribute cards.
3 monsters with different Types  Cannot be used as Link Material. If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" with a different Type from the 3 monsters used for the Link Summon, from your Deck in Defense Position. If a card(s) your opponent controls is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can draw 1 card, then if you control 3 or more monsters "Fur Hire" with different names, draw 2 additional cards. You can only use each effect of "Folgo, Justice Fur Hire" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Deck to the Graveyard. During the End Phase of the turn this card activated this effect: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck. You must have 5 or more "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
You can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster you control; if it attacks this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects that target a monster(s) until the end of the Damage Step.
During your Main Phase: You can reveal 1 Link Monster in your Extra Deck, and if you do, the name, Type, and Attribute of this face-up card on the field can be treated as the revealed monster's, if used as material for a Link Summon this turn. If this card is sent to the GY as material for a Link Summon: You can add 1 Level 5 or higher Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Formud Skipper" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster  When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can draw 1 card. Once per Chain, during your opponent's Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control (this is a Quick Effect).
You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Fortress Whale's Oath".
(This card is also always treated as a "Valkyrie" card.)  Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Fairy monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. The equipped monster can attack directly, but when it does so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved.
When you draw this card: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can banish 1 Spellcaster monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Ann" once per turn.
When you draw this card: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can activate this effect; each player draws 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Chee" once per turn.
When you draw this card: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy En" once per turn.
When you draw this card: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 monster you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 1 Spellcaster monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Hikari" once per turn.
When you draw this card: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 of your banished Spellcaster monsters; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Hu" once per turn.
When you draw this card: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; banish it until the Standby Phase of your next turn. You can only use each effect of "Fortune Fairy Swee" once per turn.
This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 400. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can select and Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your Graveyard.
This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 400. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When the Level of this card increases, inflict 400 damage to your opponent.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Spellcaster monsters  This card's ATK/DEF are equal to its Level x 400. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card's Level by 1 (max. 12), then you can banish 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. During your opponent's End Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 other Spellcaster monster from your GY; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Fortune Lady Every" once per turn.
This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 200. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When this card is Special Summoned in Attack Position by the effect of a "Fortune Lady" card, destroy 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK.
This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 200. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When this card is removed from the field by a card effect, you can Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your Deck.
This card's ATK/DEF are equal to its Level x 200. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Increase this card's Level by 1 (max. 12). You can target 1 "Fortune Lady" monster you control; banish any number of Spellcaster monsters from your hand, field, and/or GY, except that monster, and if you do, increase or reduce that monster's Level by the number of monsters banished, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Fortune Lady Past" once per turn.
This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level x 300. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When this card is Special Summoned while you control a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster except "Fortune Lady Water", draw 2 cards.
This card's ATK and DEF are equal to its Level × 300. During each of your Standby Phases, increase the Level of this card by 1 (max 12). When this card is Normal Summoned, you can destroy a number of Spell or Trap Cards your opponent controls equal to the number of face-up "Fortune Lady" monsters you control.
If this card is flipped face-up: Destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field. Neither player can Special Summon monsters.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict 400 damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During the End Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A mechanized life form, roving through space-time. But the mysterious thing is that its memory i... m...stly gone. W...at is t...e reason? D..... refuse t... b.... interfered w...h?
During the End Phase, if this card was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard this turn and was face-up at the start of the Damage Step: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. This face-up card cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
Once per turn: You can banish 2 LIGHT monsters from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field with higher ATK than this face-up card; destroy that target.
Negate any Spell effects that target this card, and if you do, destroy that Spell Card. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Burning Beast" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, each time the equipped monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, destroy 1 face-down Spell or Trap Card on the field. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
A savage beast that carries a big bamboo stick for beating down its enemies.
When this card is Normal Summoned, place 1 Spell Counter on it (max. 1). You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card to have 1 face-up monster you control gain 500 ATK, until the End Phase.
While you control a Fairy-Type monster other than "Freya, Spirit of Victory", your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. All Fairy-Type monsters you control gain 400 ATK and DEF.
"Edge Imp Sabres" + "Fluffal Bear" When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can equip that monster to this card as an Equip Spell Card with this effect. ● The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK.
3 "Frightfur" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your field, but its ATK is halved. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Chimera" once per turn. This card gains 300 ATK for each monster you control that is owned by your opponent.
1 "Edge Imp" monster + 1 "Fluffal" monster  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Daredevil" once per turn.
1 "Edge Imp" monster + 1 "Fluffal" monster  Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; send it to the Graveyard. This card cannot attack directly the turn this effect is activated. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. Once per turn, at the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can change this card to Defense Position.
"Edge Imp Saw" + 1 "Fluffal" monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Leo" once per turn. This card cannot attack your opponent directly during the turn you activate this effect.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can Tribute 1 Level 4 or lower "Fluffal", "Frightfur", or "Edge Imp" monster; Special Summon 1 Fiend monster from your Deck with the same Level the Tributed monster had on the field, but with a different name. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Meister" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Fluffal", "Frightfur", or "Edge Imp" monster from your Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters. You can Tribute 2 or more Fiend monsters; Special Summon 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total original Levels of the Tributed monsters. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.) You can only use each effect of "Frightfur Meister" once per turn.
1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster + 1 or more "Fluffal" and/or "Edge Imp" monsters  When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. All "Frightfur" monsters you control gain 400 ATK. If this card was Fusion Summoned using 3 or more Fusion Materials, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
"Edge Imp Chain" + 1 "Fluffal" monster If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, it gains 800 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Frightfur Sheep" once per turn.
"Edge Imp Sabres" + 1 or more "Fluffal" monsters When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target cards on the field, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon; destroy them. All "Frightfur" monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each "Fluffal" monster and "Frightfur" monster you control. You can only control 1 "Frightfur Tiger".
"Edge Imp Sabres" + 1 or more "Fluffal" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of Fusion Materials used for its Fusion Summon.
When a Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, that target loses 500 ATK until the end of the next turn. You can only use this effect of "Friller Rabca" once per turn.
Negate any Spell effects that target a Warrior-Type monster you control, and if you do, destroy that card.
During the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can add 1 EARTH Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card was Normal Summoned, during the End Phase of the Summoning player's next turn: You can Tribute this card; add 1 EARTH monster from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 FIRE and 2 WATER monsters from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card to target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
This monster's metabolism enables it to endure long periods of cold, harnessing the power to become a creature of solid ice! Nothing else can withstand such temperatures, especially victims of its glacial rampage.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Beast-Type monster If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, while you control no monsters, you can discard 1 card to Special Summon this card from the Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.
3 Level 4 WATER monsters  You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 3 WATER Xyz Monster you control that has no Xyz Materials as the Xyz Material. This card gains 200 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach all of its Xyz Materials instead. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
3 Level 6 WATER monsters  You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 5 WATER Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains 500 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all face-up monsters your opponent controls have their effects negated until the end of this turn.
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 Normal Monster Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 Effect Monster on the field; equip that target to this card (this is a Quick Effect). This card gains DEF equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. You can use monsters you control equipped to this card you control as Fusion Materials for the Fusion Summon of a "Metalfoes" Fusion Monster that lists them as Materials.
Melts away anything that dares to stand before it.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, increase your Life Points by an amount equal to the Battle Damage.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned from your hand or your Deck by Tributing 1 "Great Dezard" that has fulfilled the condition. You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. As long as this monster remains face-up on the field, negate the activation and effects of all Spell and Trap Cards that target this card and destroy them. When this card is flipped face-up, you can Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Graveyard.
You can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing, but its original ATK and DEF become halved.
When this card battles a Fusion Monster, the ATK of the Fusion Monster becomes 0 during the Damage Step only.
This card can be used as a substitute for any 1 Fusion Material whose name is specifically listed on the Fusion Monster Card, but the other Fusion Material(s) must be correct. Cannot be used as Fusion Material otherwise. If this card is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials, including this card.
"Petit Angel" + "Mystical Sheep #2"
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target.
Cards on the field cannot be returned to the Deck.
All monsters are changed to face-up Attack Position, also their battle positions cannot be changed. (Flip Effects are not activated.) Once per turn: You can reveal any number of Fiend-Type monsters in your hand; this card gains 300 ATK for each, until the End Phase.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Shuffle as many cards your opponent controls as possible into the Deck(s), then they draw cards equal to the number shuffled into their Main Deck. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
2 Level 2 monsters  If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. Face-up monsters you control gain 200 ATK and DEF for each Xyz Material attached to this card.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can remove 3 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; the ATK and DEF of all other monsters on the field become halved.
FLIP: Select 1 "Morphtronic" Spell or Trap Card in your Graveyard and add it to your hand.
You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard and select any number of face-up "Morphtronic" monsters you control. Change the battle position of the selected monster(s). This effect can be activated during either player's turn.
Once per turn, you can send any number of "Morphtronic" monsters from your hand to the Graveyard to have this card gain 800 ATK for each.
A rust-free machine warrior born to battle.
Cannot attack unless you control another face-up "Gagaga" monster. Once per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your Graveyard that has a Level; the Levels of all face-up "Gagaga" monsters you currently control become the Level of that monster. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
If you control a "Gagaga" monster other than "Gagaga Child", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: You can target 1 "Gagaga" monster you control with a different Level than this card; this card's Level becomes the Level of that monster. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.
If you control a "Gagaga" monster other than "Gagaga Clerk", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; apply this effect, depending on this card's current battle position. ● Attack Position: If this card attacks an opponent's monster this turn, it gains 1000 ATK, also the opponent's monster loses 500 ATK, during the Damage Step only. ● Defense Position: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can discard 1 card; this card cannot be destroyed by that battle.
You can target 1 "Gagaga Magician" you control; this card's Level becomes the Level of that monster. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using only this card and other "Gagaga" monsters as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing as a Level 4 monster. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target up to 2 "Gagaga" monsters in your Graveyard, except "Gagaga Head"; Special Summon them, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except by an Xyz Summon that uses only "Gagaga" monsters as materials. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● If it is Xyz Summoned: Draw 1 card.
Once per turn: You can declare a Level from 1 to 8; this card becomes that Level until the End Phase. You can only control 1 "Gagaga Magician". This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Gagaga" monster in your Graveyard, except "Gagaga Mancer"; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Gagaga" monsters. If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster and sent to the Graveyard to activate that monster's effect: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; it gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Gagaga" monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn. When another monster you control is targeted for an attack while this card is in Attack Position: You can change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Gagaga" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 other "Gagaga" monster you control; the Levels of that monster and this card become their combined current Levels, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Gagaga Sister" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters  You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 Xyz Monster in your GY, except "Gagagaga Magician"; Special Summon it, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Gagagaga Magician" once per turn. A "Utopic Future" Xyz Monster that has this card as material gains this effect.  ● You can detach 2 materials from this card, then target 1 Xyz Monster you control; until the end of this turn, its ATK becomes 4000, but negate its effects.
This young evildoer used to have an evil heart, but by meeting a special person, he discovered justice.
3 Level 4 monsters
2 Level 7 monsters  You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 5 or 6 Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.
1 "Gaia Knight, the Force of Earth" + 1 non-Effect Synchro Monster This card cannot be targeted by, or destroyed by, the effects of Effect Monsters.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters
You can Special Summon this card by removing from play any 2 Rock-Type monsters in your Graveyard. During your Standby Phase, remove from play 1 Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard, or send this card to the Graveyard. Halve the ATK and DEF of any monster that battles with this card.
2+ monsters
Once per turn: You can Tribute up to 2 Pyro-Type monsters; this card gains 1000 ATK for each. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. During the End Phase: Destroy this card.
"Gaia The Fierce Knight" + "Curse of Dragon"
A knight whose horse travels faster than the wind. His battle-charge is a force to be reckoned with.
You can only use each effect of "Gaia, the Mid-Knight Sun" once per turn. ● You can Tribute 1 other LIGHT monster you control; add 1 Level 4 DARK Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. ● You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; it loses 500 ATK, until the end of your opponent's turn.
You can only use each effect of "Gaia, the Polar Knight" once per turn. ● You can Tribute 1 other DARK monster; add 1 Level 4 LIGHT Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. ● You can banish 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster you control; it gains 500 ATK until the end of your opponent's turn.
While this card is in your hand or GY, if you control 2 or more LIGHT and/or DARK Dragon monsters: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. During your Main Phase: You can make all monsters you currently control become Level 8, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Galactic Spiral Dragon" once per turn.
2 Effect Monsters, including an "Orcust" monster  This linked card cannot be destroyed by battle. You can target 1 of your banished Machine monsters; shuffle it into the Deck, then you can Set 1 "Orcust" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Galatea, the Orcust Automaton" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can reveal 1 "Photon" monster in your hand; Special Summon this card, and if you do, its Level becomes the Level of that "Photon" monster. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Galaxy" monster in your GY; this card's ATK/DEF become that monster's ATK/DEF. You can only use each effect of "Galaxy Brave" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 5 "Photon" and/or "Galaxy" cards with different names in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. You can only use 1 "Galaxy Cleric" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
This card cannot attack directly, and can only attack Dragon-Type monsters. If this card battles a Dragon-Type monster, this card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only, also that monster has its effects negated during this Battle Phase, as long as this card remains face-up on the field.
If you control a "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. When you do: Target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" in your Graveyard (if possible); regardless, this card loses 1000 ATK, and if it does, Special Summon that target (if any) in face-up Defense Position. This ATK decrease lasts until the End Phase.
FLIP: You gain 500 LP for each "Galaxy" monster in your Graveyard. When this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard after being flipped face-up: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Galaxy" monster from your Deck or Graveyard in face-down Defense Position. Banish it when it leaves the field.
2 Dragon monsters  During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your field or GY, then target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster you control that was originally a LIGHT Dragon; until the end of the Battle Phase, any battle damage your opponent takes is halved, also that monster's ATK becomes equal to the number in its name x 100. During your opponent's End Phase: You can choose 1 card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Galaxy Satellite Dragon" once per turn.
Your hopes and dreams will be refreshed if you catch a glimpse of this rare creature in the evening twilight, soaring in the Sea of Stars.
You can send 1 other LIGHT monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. When this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Galaxy" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Galaxy Soldier" once per turn.
2 Level 4 Dragon-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand. Your opponent cannot target other "Galaxy" cards you control with card effects, also those cards cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
When a "Galaxy" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. When Summoned this way, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 "Galaxy" Xyz Monster, using only "Galaxy" monsters you control.
Once per turn: You can increase this card's Level by 4 until the End Phase. You can Tribute this card; add 1 "Galaxy" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Galaxy Wizard".
When this card is Normal Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Galaxy" Effect Monster from your Deck, but it has its effects negated.
3 Level 9 monsters  You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 8 "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Cannot be used as material for an Xyz Summon. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this Xyz Summoned card you control, is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster, or destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and sent to your GY: You can target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon" in your GY; Special Summon it.
2 Level 8 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; monsters you control cannot attack your opponent directly for the rest of this turn, except this card, also take control of the targeted monster until the End Phase, but while this effect is applied, it has its effects negated, its ATK becomes 3000, also its name becomes "Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon".
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon". You can only use this effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon" once per turn. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as an Xyz Material. You can only use this effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Cloudragon" once per Duel.
3 Level 8 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material, except "Galaxy-Eyes Full Armor Photon Dragon". (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn: You can target up to 2 Equip Cards equipped to this card; attach them to this card as Xyz Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 2 monsters with 2000 or more ATK. During either player's Battle Step, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can target the monster this card is battling; banish both the opponent's monster and this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, return any monsters banished by this effect to the field, and if the other monster was an Xyz Monster, this card gains 500 ATK for each Xyz Material it had when it was banished.
2 LIGHT monsters, including a monster with 2000 or more ATK  If this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 "Photon" card and 1 "Galaxy" card, OR discard 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon", then target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Galaxy-Eyes Solflare Dragon" once per turn.
You can pay 3000 Life Points to send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard.
FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent's controls; return that target to the hand.
2 Level 4 monsters  You can detach 1 material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● Add 1 Rock monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● Special Summon 1 Rock monster from your hand in face-down Defense Position.  You can only use this effect of "Gallant Granite" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, then, if it was a monster, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its Level x 200 and Special Summon this card from your hand, otherwise destroy this card.
Once per turn, you can toss a coin 3 times and apply the appropriate effect: ● 3 Heads: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls. ● 2 Heads: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand. ● 1 Head: Destroy 1 card you control. ● 3 Tails: Discard your entire hand.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect, except "Gameciel, the Sea Turtle Kaiju": You can remove 2 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster from your hand, except "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior". You can only use this effect of "Gamma The Electromagnet Warrior" once per turn. During your opponent's turn: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Magnet Warrior" monster from your Deck (this is a Quick Effect).
Alpha, Beta, and Gamma meld as one to form a powerful monster.
When this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: You can change it to Defense Position.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Ganbara Lancer" from your hand or Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 other monsters from your hand and/or field to the Graveyard. This card gains 300 ATK for each banished card. Once per turn: You can pay half your LP; apply this effect, depending on the number of "Gandora" monsters with different names in your Graveyard. ● 1: Destroy all other cards on the field. ● 2: Banish all other cards on the field. ● 3 or more: Banish all other cards on the field and in the Graveyards.
Cannot be Special Summoned. You can pay half your LP; destroy as many cards on the field as possible (other than this card), and if you do, banish them. This card gains 300 ATK for each card destroyed this way. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal or Flip Summoned this turn: Send it to the Graveyard.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand: You can destroy as many other monsters on the field as possible, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the highest original ATK on the field among those destroyed monsters (your choice, if tied). This card's ATK becomes equal to the damage inflicted to your opponent by this effect. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Halve your LP.
A crab that binds its enemies with a sticky web and attacks them with its sharp claws.
You can target 1 other Cyberse monster you control that began the Duel in the Main Deck; return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon from your Deck 1 Cyberse monster with the same Level, but with a different name. You can only use this effect of "Garbage Collector" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by paying 2000 Life Points. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a DARK monster.
You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 "Garbage Lord" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Garbage Ogre" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Black Garden" from your Deck or GY to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Rose Dragon" monster or 1 Dragon Synchro Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Garden Rose Maiden" once per turn.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Ritual of Destruction". When this card is Ritual Summoned, destroy all other face-up monsters on the field with DEF less than or equal to this card's ATK. This card gains 100 ATK for each monster destroyed by this effect.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Garma Sword Oath".
If this card battles a Level 4 or lower monster, after damage calculation: You can return that monster to the hand.
A monster so heavy that each step rocks the earth.
An axe-swinging beast-warrior with the head of a dragon.
Each time a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the GY by the effect of a "Lightsworn" monster you control, except "Garoth, Lightsworn Warrior": Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY, then draw 1 card for each "Lightsworn" monster sent to the GY by this effect.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Normal Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 WIND monster in your Graveyard. During your opponent's End Phase, you can select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and change its battle position.
You can return 1 Tribute Summoned monster you control to the hand; Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon: You can add 1 monster with 800 ATK and 1000 DEF from your Deck to your hand, except "Garum the Storm Vassal". You can only use each effect of "Garum the Storm Vassal" once per turn.
A wicked beast that resembles a winged lion.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Increase the Level of this card by 1 (max. 12).
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters / You can only control 1 "Gashadokuro, the Skeletal Mayakashi". You can only use each of these effects of "Gashadokuro, the Skeletal Mayakashi" once per turn.  ● If a Link Monster in your possession is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in the GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card.  ● If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can activate this effect; this turn, this face-up card is unaffected by other cards' effects.
Negate the effects of your opponent's Field Spell Cards. Your opponent cannot place counters on cards on the field. Your opponent cannot target other monsters you control for card effects.
This weird monster has a portal in its belly that brings reinforcements from the farthest reaches of the netherworld.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Sanga of the Thunder", "Kazejin", and "Suijin".
An indestructible mechanoid created for the sole purpose of guarding the gateways.
If your opponent controls a Link Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Gateway Dragon" once per turn this way. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower DARK Dragon monster from your hand.
"Barrel Dragon" + "Blowback Dragon"  Once per turn: You can toss a coin 3 times and destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, but not more than the number of heads.
2 Level 6 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
During either player's turn: You can Tribute this card; each Warrior-Type monster you currently control gains 500 ATK and DEF, until the end of the next Damage Step that monster attacks or is attacked.
This monster moves so fast that it looks like an illusion to mortal eyes.   (This card is always treated as a "Phantom Beast" card.)
You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 Level 5 WATER monsters in your Graveyard, except "Gazer Shark"; Special Summon both those monsters, but their effects are negated. Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 WATER Xyz Monster using only those 2 monsters. You can only use this effect of "Gazer Shark" once per turn.
2 Level 4 Machine-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 Level 4 or lower Machine-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. When this card leaves the field: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Geargia" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can pay 800 Life Points; this card can attack your opponent directly this turn.
When an Equip Card(s) is equipped to this card: Destroy that Equip Card(s).
Once per turn, if either player equips an Equip Card(s) to this card: You can destroy those Equip Cards, then you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls. Once per turn: You can send 1 Equip Card you control that is equipped to this card to the GY, then target 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Release Restraint" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When an Equip Card(s) is equipped to this card: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
If you control a "Geargia" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Geargia" monster in your Graveyard, except "Geargiaccelerator"; add that target to your hand.
3 Level 3 monsters During either player's Battle Step, while an attack involving your Machine-Type monster is occurring: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent currently controls, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects. These effects last until the end of the Damage Step. When this face-up card leaves the field: You can target 1 other "Geargia" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. If this card is flipped face-up: You can destroy monsters on the field, up to the number of other "Geargia" monsters you currently control.
You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Level 4 Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Geargia" monster from your hand or Graveyard in Defense Position.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Geargia" card: You can Special Summon 1 "Geargia" monster from your hand or Graveyard in Defense Position, except "Geargiano Mk-III", but its effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Geargiano Mk-III" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Geargia" monsters.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: You can add 1 "Geargia" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Geargiarmor".
This card gains 200 ATK for each "Geargia" monster you control. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Geargia" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Geargiarsenal".
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: You can destroy any number of Spell/Trap Cards on the field, up to the number of other "Geargia" monsters you control.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Level 4 EARTH Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Geargiauger", also you cannot declare attacks, nor Special Summon monsters except Machine-Type monsters, for the rest of this turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having only Machine-Type monsters in your Graveyard (min. 1). Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0 until the End Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 "Cubic" monster you control to the Graveyard. If Summoned this way, this card gains 800 ATK. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: You can target up to 2 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Vulcan Dragni the Cubic King" from your Deck to your hand.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this card's controller takes any damage, destroy this face-up card. This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a LIGHT Fairy-Type monster.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight" monster from your Deck to your hand.
During your Main Phase: You can return this face-up card on the field to the hand. During damage calculation, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can send 1 Normal Monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains 1000 DEF.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Normal Monster from your Deck.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 of your banished monsters; add that target to your hand.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Aqua-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Return all Set Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand.
"Gem-Knight Sapphire" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.
A Gem-Knight officer of high rank, who has optimized the use of the crystal powers. Despite his ability to overwhelm most opponents, he's wary of stretching himself too thin, and opts for solidarity with his comrades.
You can banish this face-up card you control and 1 face-up Normal Monster you control to target 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it from the Graveyard.
The Gem-Knight Warrior who carries the Garnet Soul. His Flaming Iron Fist crushes all enemies.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Gem-" monster from your Graveyard to target 1 "Gem-Knight" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
3 "Gem-Knight" monsters Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. You can only Special Summon "Gem-Knight Lady Brilliant Diamond(s)" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" monster you control to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
"Gem-Knight Lapis" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. You can only Special Summon "Gem-Knight Lady Lapis Lazuli(s)" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" monster from your Main Deck or Extra Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Special Summoned monster on the field.
The best of friends with Lazuli, this soldier deeply cares about the well-being of her friends.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
3 "Gem-Knight" monsters Must first be Fusion Summoned. This card gains 100 ATK for each "Gem-" monster in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Level 7 or lower "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects.
If this card is sent from the hand to your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
2 Level 4 monsters
2 "Gem-" monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your Deck to your hand. You can pay 1000 LP; Fusion Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by shuffling Fusion Materials in your possession listed on it into your Deck, that are banished or in the GY, but it cannot attack directly this turn. You can only use each effect of "Gem-Knight Phantom Quartz" once per turn.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Thunder-Type monster Must first be Fusion Summoned. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy that target.
"Gem-Knight Garnet" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 face-up "Gem-" monster; this card gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster's ATK on the field, until the End Phase. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
His Sapphire power commands the waters to protect him from attack. His comrades trust in his silent protection.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your Deck to your hand.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 LIGHT monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon/Set 1 monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
"Gem-Knight Tourmaline" + 1 "Gem-Knight" monster  Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters. This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
He channels mystic energies and changes them into fighting strength through the power of Tourmaline. Many admire his way of life.
1 "Gem-Knight" monster + 1 Rock-Type monster
During the Damage Step, in either player's turn, when a face-up EARTH Normal Monster you control attacks or is attacked: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster gains 1000 ATK and DEF until the End Phase.
FLIP: You can add 1 "Gem-Knight Fusion" from your Deck to your hand.
Elf twins that alternate their attacks.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect that could make you discard when it resolves: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. Then draw 1 card.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Gemini monster from your hand.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● Once per turn, if this card would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed. If this card battles, after damage calculation, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Gemini monster from your Deck, except "Gemini Soldier".
Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: You can pay 500 LP; Normal Summon/Set 1 Gemini monster from your hand or Normal Summon 1 face-up Gemini monster you control. The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed.
Face-up Attack Position monsters on the field cannot activate their effects. This Defense Position card cannot be targeted, or destroyed, by card effects.
This warwolf was given incalculable strength through horrific genetic manipulation. Its gentle nature was completely wiped out, and it now lives only to unleash destruction.
Once per turn, during your End Phase, you can select and Special Summon 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your Graveyard, except "General Gantala of the Ice Barrier".
During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "Ice Barrier" monster in addition to your Normal Summon or Set. This effect can only be used once per turn.
When an effect resolves that was activated by an Effect Monster that was on your opponent's side of the field, they must discard 1 card or the effect is negated (their choice).
Once per turn, you can send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard to add 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Graveyard to your hand. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can return all Dragon-Type monsters from your Graveyard to your Deck.
Once per turn, you can pay 1000 Life Points and select 1 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters. Add it to your hand.
1 "Genex" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to select 1 Level 4 or lower Machine-Type monster from your Graveyard, and Special Summon it. The ATK of that monster is doubled until the End Phase, but it cannot attack your opponent directly. Remove that monster from play during your End Phase.
Each time a monster(s) you control is sent to the Graveyard, place 1 Genex Counter on this card. Each time a card(s) in your opponent's Graveyard is banished, place 2 Genex Counters on this card. This card gains 100 ATK for each Genex Counter on the field. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Genex Counter that was on this card.
If this card is in your hand: You can return 1 face-up monster you control to the hand; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field, also it gains 500 ATK if the returned monster was WIND on the field.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster on the field and declare 1 Attribute. The selected monster's Attribute becomes the declared Attribute until the End Phase.
You can declare 1 Attribute and discard this card to select 1 face-up "Genex" monster you control. That monster becomes that Attribute. This effect can be activated during either player's turn.
Once per turn, when a monster with the same Attribute as this card is Normal Summoned to your side of the field, you can select and destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can select 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls with the same Attribute as this card, and destroy it. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
Other face-up monsters you control with the same Attribute as this card gain 500 ATK.
If you negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect activated by your opponent, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up Tuner monster on the field. The selected monster's name is treated as "Genex Controller" until the End Phase.
Once per turn, you can send 1 face-up WATER "Genex" monster you control to the Graveyard to draw 2 cards.
"Genex Controller" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card's effects depend on the Attribute(s) of its non-Tuner Synchro Material Monsters. Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to activate one of its effects: ● WIND: Send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard. ● WATER: Select 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field, and destroy it. ● DARK: Select 1 face-up LIGHT monster on the field, destroy it and draw 1 card.
1 "Genex" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card's effect depends on the Attribute(s) of its non-Tuner Synchro Material Monsters. ● EARTH: If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. ● FIRE: If this card destroys a monster by battle, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster. ● LIGHT: Once per turn, you can select 1 LIGHT monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.
Once per turn, you can send 1 face-up FIRE "Genex" monster you control to the Graveyard to select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, destroy it, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Level of the destroyed monster x 400.
When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Genex" monster, you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
When this card is Special Summoned, you can add 1 DARK "Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.
As a master of all powers and elements, this is one of the few Genex monsters that can communicate with its companions.
You can Tribute 1 face-up "Genex Controller" to select and destroy 1 card on the field.
If you control a face-up "Genex Controller", you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing.
If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy 1 "Genex Controller" monster you control instead.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can add 1 Machine-Type Tuner monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 Level 3 "Genex" Effect Monster from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn, you can select 1 "Genex" monster in your Graveyard. Until the End Phase, this card's name is treated as the selected monster's name.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Genex" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck in face-up Attack Position.
You can Normal Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Genex" monster. Inflict 500 damage to your opponent each time a face-up "Genex" monster you control is sent to the Graveyard.
Once per turn, if you control another "Genex" monster, you can make this card's name "Genex Controller" until the End Phase.
All face-up "Genex" monsters you control gain 400 ATK.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 WATER monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; add 1 "Genex Controller" from your Deck to your hand.
You can Tribute this card to Special Summon 1 "Genex" monster from your hand.
A creature that defeats its enemies using sleight-of-hand.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK is halved and its Level becomes 3. Once per turn: You can declare 1 Monster Type; if this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster this turn, treat this card and the other Synchro Material Monsters as that Monster Type for that Synchro Summon. If you activate this effect, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except monsters with the declared Monster Type.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Your opponent cannot attack any monsters except this one.
"Genex Controller" + 1 or more non-Tuner EARTH monsters Once per turn, if you control a face-up Level 4 or lower "Genex" monster(s), you can switch the original ATK and DEF of this card until the End Phase, for as long as you control a face-up Level 4 or lower "Genex" monster(s).
Discard 1 card and declare 1 Attribute. This card cannot be selected as an attack target by monsters with that Attribute. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
During your next Standby Phase, after this face-up card you control was destroyed and sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon it.
If this card battles a Fiend or Zombie-Type monster, destroy that monster at the end of the Damage Step.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die and increase this card's Pendulum Scale by the result (max. 10), until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The ghost of Christmas Dinner.
When a card or effect is activated that includes any of these effects (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate that activation.  ● Add a card(s) from the GY to the hand, Deck, and/or Extra Deck.  ● Special Summon a Monster Card(s) from the GY.  ● Banish a card(s) from the GY.  You can only use this effect of "Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion" once per turn.
This card gains an effect based on your Main Monster Zone it is in.  ● Leftmost: Gains 1000 ATK/DEF.  ● Rightmost: Can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.  ● Center: Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.  ● Others: Monsters in this column cannot activate their effects.
If your opponent controls a monster, and you control no other monsters: You can target 1 Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; banish both this card from the field and that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels those 2 monsters had (original Level, if face-down). You can only use this effect of "Ghost Charon, the Underworld Boatman" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except Dragon-Type monsters.
Once per turn: You can reveal 1 WIND monster in your hand; until the end of your opponent's next Main Phase 1, monsters with a Level higher than the revealed monster cannot activate their effects.
When a face-up monster you control is selected as an attack target, you can change the target to this card. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, 1 face-up monster your opponent controls loses 1000 ATK, until the End Phase.
You can Special Summon an opponent's monster that is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by this card as a result of battle to your side of the field in face-up Defense Position.
During either player's turn, when a monster on the field activates its effect, or when a Spell/Trap Card that is already face-up on the field activates its effect: You can send this card from your hand or field to the Graveyard; destroy that card on the field. You can only use this effect of "Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit" once per turn.
During either player's turn, if your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can discard this card; reveal 1 card in your Extra Deck, then look at your opponent's Extra Deck, also banish all cards in their Extra Deck with the same name as that revealed card. You can only use this effect of "Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard.
(Quick Effect): You can discard this card; this turn, each time your opponent Special Summons an Effect Monster(s) during the Main or Battle Phase, you gain LP equal to the ATK of that monster(s). During the End Phase of this turn, if you did not gain LP with this effect, halve your LP. You can only use this effect of "Ghost Sister & Spooky Dogwood" once per turn.
2 Level 3 monsters Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Ghostrick" monsters, or any face-down Defense Position monsters, for attacks, except this one. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy that target. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Alucard" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 other "Ghostrick" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
2 Level 4 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Ghostrick" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material, except "Ghostrick Angel of Mischief". (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) When the number of Xyz Materials on this card becomes 10, you win the Duel. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "Ghostrick" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can attach 1 "Ghostrick" card from your hand to this card as an Xyz Material.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: During the End Phase, change as many face-up monsters on the field as possible to face-down Defense Position, then you can Special Summon 1 "Ghostrick" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of monsters flipped face-down by this effect.
2 Level 1 monsters This card gains 200 ATK for each "Ghostrick" card you control. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; halve its ATK, until the end of this turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 other "Ghostrick" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. During your Main Phase: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position (only once per turn). When this card is flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Ghostrick" card in your GY; Set it to your field, then you can change face-up monsters your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position, up to the number of Set cards you control. Banish the card that was Set from the GY when it leaves the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can target 1 "Ghostrick" monster you control; its ATK becomes equal to the combined original ATK of all "Ghostrick" monsters currently on the field, until the end of your opponent's next turn, but if it does, only that monster can attack this turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can change that opponent's monster to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: You can add from your Deck to your hand, 1 "Ghostrick" monster whose Level is less than or equal to the number of "Ghostrick" monsters you control. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Jiangshi" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack, or when a "Ghostrick" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When you take damage: You can discard this card; Special Summon 1 "Ghostrick" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Mary" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon 1 "Ghostrick" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) You cannot Special Summon any monsters, except DARK monsters.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When a Level 4 or higher monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned: Change that monster(s) to face-down Defense Position. There must be another "Ghostrick" monster on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: Banish cards from the top of your opponent's Deck face-down, up to the number of "Ghostrick" monsters you control. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Skeleton" once per turn.
2 Level 2 monsters While you control another "Ghostrick" monster, your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field, with ATK less than or equal to the combined ATK of all "Ghostrick" monsters on the field; destroy it, and if you do, that Monster Card Zone cannot be used as long as you control a "Ghostrick" monster.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When a "Ghostrick" monster is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, or by battle with their attacking monster, and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position, and if you do, draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can add 1 "Ghostrick" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Stein" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: Inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each Set card on the field. You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Warwolf" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Ghostrick" monster on the field; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
Cannot be Normal Summoned, unless you control a "Ghostrick" monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can change the monster that destroyed it to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, it cannot change its battle position.
A monster with a heavy appetite that has never been satisfied.
You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. If the ATK of a monster on your opponent's side of the field that attacks this card in face-down Defense Position is lower than the DEF of this monster, the attacking monster is destroyed.
A massive flea that feeds on the blood of its enemies.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent, then you can Special Summon any number of "Giant Germs" from your Deck in face-up Attack Position.
If there is no face-up "Kozaky" on the field, destroy this card. If this face-up card is destroyed, inflict damage equal to the original ATK of this card to its current controller.
This monster swings an earth-shaking axe that cannot be blocked by a common sword.
If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. You cannot change this battle position until the end of your next turn.
You can discard 1 monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Giant Pairfish" once per turn.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in Attack Position.
A sea-dwelling snake that attacks passing enemies with its sharp teeth.
Cannot attack directly. If this card is banished: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each of your banished Dinosaur monsters. You can only use this effect of "Giant Rex" once per turn.
An extraordinary blue scorpion found in the tundra, not in the desert.
2 Level 3 Rock-Type monsters This card is unaffected by other monsters' effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it gains 1000 DEF until the end of this turn, and if it does, you take no effect damage from your opponent's card effects this turn.
A giant warrior made of stone. A punch from this creature has earth-shaking results.
A crimson-shelled tortoise that feeds on flames.
In order to fight tremendous evil, he gained formidable power through body reconstruction, but lost his heart and his redemption.
An iron wolf with razor-sharp fangs that can penetrate any armor.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 EARTH monster from your Graveyard. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
This card gains 200 ATK each time a Plant-Type monster is sent from the field to the Graveyard.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card gains 200 ATK and DEF for each non-Tuner Synchro Material Monster used to Synchro Summon this card.
A massive steel ball that mows down anything in its path.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ●Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Insect-Type or Plant-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 2 EARTH monsters from your Graveyard. When this face-up card you control is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect, destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
He has a tranquil soul, but carries a destiny that one day his heart shall be tainted by evil....
This steel-armored terror machine ruthlessly strikes down enemies with its giant katana.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If Summoned this way: Activate this effect; your opponent can Special Summon 1 monster from their Graveyard.
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can equip as many Equip Spell Cards from your Graveyard as possible to a Warrior-Type monster(s) you control.
You can Tribute 3 monsters to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. If Summoned this way: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). During each End Phase: You take 500 damage. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
"Guardian of the Labyrinth" + "Protector of the Throne"
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster. You can banish this card from your GY; this turn, your opponent cannot target "Gimmick Puppet" monsters you control with card effects.
2 Machine monsters  During your Main Phase, if this card was Link Summoned: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Machine Xyz Monsters, also take 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY, then, if all monsters you control are "Gimmick Puppet" monsters (min. 1), you can Special Summon 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Gimmick Puppet Chimera Doll" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster on the field; destroy it. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 or 2 "Gimmick Puppet" monsters from your hand.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 other "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll" once per turn. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a "Gimmick Puppet" monster.
You can only use the effect of "Gimmick Puppet Egg Head" once per turn. You can discard 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster, then activate 1 of these effects. ● Inflict 800 damage to your opponent. ● This card's Level becomes 8 until the End Phase.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster you control, except this card; this card's Level becomes the Level of that monster.
2 Level 4 "Gimmick Puppet" monsters  You can detach 2 materials from this card, then target up to 2 monsters your opponent controls; take control of them until the End Phase, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Gimmick Puppet" monsters, and you cannot declare attacks, except with Xyz Monsters. You can Tribute this card; all monsters you currently control become Level 8 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Gimmick Puppet Gigantes Doll" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Gimmick Puppet Humpty Dumpty" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster, and all monsters you control are "Gimmick Puppet" monsters (min. 1), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control. You can only Special Summon "Gimmick Puppet Nightmare" once per turn this way. When you do: You can Special Summon 1 "Gimmick Puppet Nightmare" from your hand or Graveyard. If this card is Special Summoned, you cannot Special Summon any monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Gimmick Puppet" monsters.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
Cannot be destroyed by battle. When you take battle damage from an opponent's direct attack while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Attack Position, and if you do, take 1000 damage. You can only use this effect of "Gimmick Puppet Shadow Feeler" once per turn. If this card is an Xyz Material and would be sent to the Graveyard, banish it instead.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster in your GY, except "Gimmick Puppet Terror Baby"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can banish this card from your GY; this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to your "Gimmick Puppet" monsters' effect activations.
When a "Gimmick Puppet" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard: You can banish that monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use the effect of "Gimmick Puppet Twilight Joker" once per turn.
Despite its small size, this monster has powerful jaws that can rip metal to shreds.
When this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "Gishki" monster with 1000 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand, except "Gishki Abyss".
FLIP: You can add 1 "Gishki" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn: You can choose 1 "Gishki" monster from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Gishki" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, you can reveal 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell Card among them and add it to your hand, also after that, place any remaining cards on the top of your Deck in any order.
Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; reveal the top card of your Deck, and if it is the declared card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, return it to the top of the Deck.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Negate all Trap Card effects on the field, until the End Phase. You must control another face-up "Gishki" monster to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "Gishki" Ritual Monster or "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, then return them all to the top or to the bottom of the Deck, in any order.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Gishki" monster in your Graveyard; return that target to the top of the Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, send any excavated Ritual Spell Cards and "Gishki" monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. Once per turn: You can declare 1 Monster Type and Attribute; look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand, and if it is a monster of the declared Type and Attribute, shuffle it into the Deck. Otherwise, return it to the hand.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can target 1 other monster you control; return that target to the hand. You must control another face-up "Gishki" monster to activate and to resolve this effect.
If you Ritual Summon exactly 1 WATER Ritual Monster with a card effect that requires use of monsters, this card can be used as the entire requirement. You can discard this card; add 1 "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
During your Main Phase: You can discard this card; this turn, your opponent cannot activate Spells, Traps, Spell/Trap effects, or Monster Card effects when a "Gishki" monster is Ritual Summoned, or when a "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card is activated.
If you Ritual Summon exactly 1 WATER Ritual Monster with a card effect that requires use of monsters, this card can be used as the entire requirement. You can discard this card; add 1 "Gishki" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Gishki" Ritual Spell Card. Once per turn: You can pay 1000 Life Points; draw 1 card, and if you do, reveal it, then, if it was a "Gishki" monster, shuffle 1 card from the field into the Deck.
If a monster(s) is in the Extra Monster Zone: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can target 1 face-up monster in the Extra Monster Zone; equip that face-up monster to this card (max. 1). When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Monster Card you control equipped to this card. You can only use each effect of "Gizmek Mikazuchi, the Nuclear Emperor" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand or GY (Quick Effect): You can banish 8 cards from the top of your Deck, face-down; Special Summon this card. You can banish 3 cards from your Extra Deck, face-down, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it. You can only use 1 effect of "Gizmek Orochi, the Serpentron Sky Slasher" per turn, and only once that turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Normal Summoned monster. You can only use each of the following effects of "Gizmek Yata, the Gleaming Vanguard" once per turn.  ● During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 monster. If you do, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except monsters with the same original Type as that monster.  ● If this card Special Summoned by its own effect is Tributed: Gain 2050 LP.
This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "Gladiator Beast Dimacari". If this card is Special Summoned, it is unaffected by the effects of Spell Cards. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Alexander".
"Gladiator Beast Augustus" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If Summoned this way: You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return it to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck.
This one-eyed warrior bear is an aggressive hunter that strikes down its prey with the powerful swipes of its claws. No one can bear the brunt of his tremendously fast and heavy blows.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can send 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY, except "Gladiator Beast Attorix"; until the End Phase, this card's Level and name become the same as that monster sent to the GY. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Attorix".
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand in Defense Position. Shuffle it into the Deck during the End Phase. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Augustus".
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Bestiari".
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can target 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, but its effect(s) is negated by this card, and it is shuffled into the Deck when this card leaves the field. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Darius".
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, it can attack twice during each Battle Phase. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Dimacari".
"Gladiator Beast Vespasiaus" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You choose the attack targets for your opponent's attacks. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return it to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck.
2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters  If a "Gladiator Beast" monster you control attacks, it cannot be destroyed by that battle, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return this card to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters with different names from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Gladiator Beast Dragases" once per turn.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: Target 1 "Gladiator Beast" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Equeste".
2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".)
"Gladiator Beast Spartacus" + 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck, by returning the above cards you control to the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the DEF of the destroyed monster. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Extra Deck to Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Spartacus".
"Gladiator Beast Bestiari" + 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) When this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards on the field; destroy those targets. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can return it to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Bestiari".
"Gladiator Beast Laquari" + 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation and destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, its original DEF becomes 2400. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Hoplomus".
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: Target 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster in your Graveyard; banish that target, and this card's name becomes the target's name until the End Phase. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Lanista".
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, its original ATK becomes 2100. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Laquari".
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: Target 1 face-up monster; destroy that target. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Murmillo".
3 "Gladiator Beast" monsters Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can shuffle it into the Extra Deck; Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, change the attack target to this card, and proceed to damage calculation. This card cannot be destroyed by that battle. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can send 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck to the GY. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can shuffle it into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Noxious".
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: Target 1 face-down Spell or Trap Card in the Spell & Trap Card Zone; destroy that target. At the end of your Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: Shuffle this card into the Deck or discard 1 card.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, you can remove from play 1 card from your opponent's Graveyard. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Retiari".
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster: You can discard 1 "Gladiator Beast" card; draw 2 cards. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can shuffle this card into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Sagittarii".
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, when this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your Deck to your hand. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Samnite".
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, then at the end of any Battle Phase in which this card attacked or was attacked: Special Summon 2 "Gladiator Beast" monsters from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Secutor".
This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "Gladiator Beast Hoplomus". When this card is Special Summoned, add 1 "Gladiator Beast" Equip Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Spartacus".
2 Level 5 or higher "Gladiator Beast" monsters  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by shuffling the above cards you control into the Deck. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor", ignoring its Summoning conditions. At the end of the Battle Phase, if your "Gladiator Beast" monster battled: You can shuffle that monster into the Deck or Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck.
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, at the end of any Battle Phase that this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Deck to draw 1 card.
This card cannot be used as a Fusion Material Monster. When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, you can discard 1 "Gladiator Beast" card to add 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand.
At the start of the Damage Step, if your "Gladiator Beast" monster battles a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Gladiator Beast Vespasius" once per turn. While you control this card, Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster, all monsters you control gain 500 ATK. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can shuffle this card into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck, except "Gladiator Beast Vespasius".
You can discard this card; add 1 "Golden Castle of Stromberg" from your Deck to your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Glife the Phantom Bird" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 Level 5 or higher Zombie monster from your Deck to your hand, or, if "Zombie World" is in a Field Zone, you can Special Summon it from your Deck instead, also, in either case, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. You can only use this effect of "Glow-Up Bloom" once per turn.
If this card is in your GY: You can send the top card of your Deck to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Glow-Up Bulb" once per Duel.
If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) while you control no cards: You can discard this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; this turn, that monster cannot be Tributed, or used as material for a Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Summon. You can only use this effect of "Gnomaterial" once per turn.
If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the End Phase of your next turn.
This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.
A Goblin who devotes himself to mastering perfect calligraphy of the word "False". He gives his all to each stroke.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can draw 1 card. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.
If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn.
While you control another Fiend-Type monster, this card cannot be attacked. The ATK and DEF of this card are each equal to the number of Fiend-Type monsters on the field (excluding this card) x 1000.
When this card declares an attack, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the End Phase of your next turn.
As long as this card remains face-up on your side of the field, neither player can activate an effect by discarding from his/her hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned, Trap Cards cannot be activated. Also, "Trap Hole" Trap Cards cannot be activated when a monster is Summoned, except "Dark Trap Hole".
When this card successfully attacks directly, you can look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand. If it is a Spell Card, send it to the Graveyard. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Send the top card of their Deck to the Graveyard. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Add 1 Zombie-Type monster with 1200 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand, also, after that, change this card to Defense Position.
You can banish 1 Equip Spell from your field or GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks: You can equip 1 other face-up monster on the field to this card as an Equip Spell that makes it gain 500 ATK (max. 1). When a monster effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can send 1 face-up Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "God Phoenix Gearfried" once per turn.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Warrior-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, negate the first effect activated by your opponent during each Battle Phase, also, after that, the equipped monster can make a second attack during this Battle Phase.
While you control no cards and this is the only card in your hand, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can discard this card; destroy as many cards as possible your opponent controls, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck.
Once per turn: You can toss a coin and call Heads or Tails. If you call it right, double this card's ATK during this turn. If you call it wrong, halve its ATK during this turn.
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster. When you do this, the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be the correct one(s).
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Your opponent must discard 2 random cards. Your opponent must have at least 5 cards in their hand for you to activate and to resolve this effect.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● The original ATK of this card becomes 2100.
His soul long since collapsed, his body recklessly continues onward, driven by a lust for more power. He no longer resembles his former self....
While another "Gogogo" monster is on the field, your opponent's monsters cannot target "Gogogo" monsters for attacks, also your opponent cannot target "Gogogo" monsters on the field with card effects. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using only this card and other "Gogogo" monsters as material gains this effect.  ● When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change it to Defense Position, and if you do, change its DEF to 0.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Gogogo Golem" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position, then change this card to Defense Position. You can only use the effect of "Gogogo Ghost" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Gogogo" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position, then change this card to Defense Position. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase.
While this card is in your Graveyard, if you Special Summon a "Gogogo" monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. You can only use the effect of "Gogogo Gigas" once per turn.
Once per turn, this Defense Position card cannot be destroyed by battle.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Gogogo" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's ATK becomes double the original ATK of the Tributed monster. Any battle damage your opponent takes from attacks involving this card is halved. Once per turn, during either player's turn, if a monster effect is activated on your opponent's side of the field: This card loses exactly 1500 ATK, and if it does, negate that effect.
If this card is Summoned: Change the battle position of this card. If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Send 1 "Gogogo" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
If you control a FIRE monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: Target 1 FIRE monster you control; destroy that target. During each of your Standby Phases: Special Summon 1 "Fireball Token" (Pyro-Type/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100) in Defense Position. You can Tribute 1 other FIRE monster; this card gains 500 ATK until the End Phase.
A large, spherical roach that attacks its enemies by rolling over them.
If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Level 4 Insect monster from your Deck to your hand, then, if you added a Normal Monster, you can Special Summon it, then you can destroy 1 monster on the field with ATK greater than or equal to that Special Summoned monster's. You can only use this effect of "Gokipole" once per turn.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Insect-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Machine-Type monster from your hand. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Gadget" monster from your Deck, except "Gold Gadget". You can only use 1 "Gold Gadget" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: If it was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, you can target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard, then destroy those targets (if any).
You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 monster on the field; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Golden Dragon Summoner" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 other Fish-Type monster, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
This card gains 300 ATK and DEF for each of your banished cards.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, you can reveal this card in your hand to gain 500 Life Points. If you do this, this card remains revealed while it is in your hand, until the End Phase.
Your opponent cannot target face-up Dragon-Type monsters for attacks, except this one.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
An iron giant that appears from a dimensional rift.
At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent's monster: Change that monster to face-down Defense Position.
2 Level 8 Machine-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it gains 1000 ATK, until the end of your opponent's next turn. If this card is destroyed while it has Xyz Material: You can banish 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, then, you can attach 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster from your Graveyard to this card as an Xyz Material.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, monsters with an ATK equal to 1900 or more cannot declare an attack.
Negate the effect of Spell and Trap Cards controlled by your opponent that target this face-up card on the field.
The gorgon egg's massive eyes are said to reflect the fate of its enemies.
2 monsters including an "Evil Eye" monster  Gains 100 ATK for each "Evil Eye" card with different names in your GY. If this card is equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Gorgon, Empress of the Evil Eyed" once per turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Destroy 1 monster this card points to.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can make all Rock-Type monsters you control become Level 3.
When you Normal Summon a Rock-Type monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.
If you control a "Gorgonic Ghoul": You can pay 300 LP; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can use the effect of "Gorgonic Ghoul" up to twice per turn.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: The ATK of the monster that destroyed it becomes 0. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; that target cannot be activated this turn. Your opponent cannot activate the targeted card in response to this effect's activation.
2 Level 3 Rock-Type monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0, and if it does, its effects are negated. These effects last until the end of this turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field with 0 ATK; destroy it.
When you take damage from a card in your opponent's possession: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You must control no cards to activate and to resolve this effect. If Summoned this way, activate the appropriate effect, based on the type of damage:  ● Battle damage: Special Summon 1 "Emissary of Darkness Token" (Fairy-Type/LIGHT/Level 7/ATK ?/DEF ?). Its ATK and DEF are each equal to the amount of battle damage you took.  ● Effect damage: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the amount of damage you took.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gouki" card, or Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its original ATK until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Bearhug". You can only use each effect of "Gouki Bearhug" once per turn.
2+ "Gouki" monsters  The first time each monster this card points to would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Gouki" monsters, also your opponent Special Summons up to 2 monsters from their GY, then you Special Summon up to that many "Gouki" monsters from your GY to your zone this card points to, except Link Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Gouki Destroy Ogre" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can send 1 other "Gouki" monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 "Gouki" monster you control; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, the targeted monster gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Headbatt". You can only use each effect of "Gouki Headbatt" once per turn.
2 "Gouki" monsters  Once per turn, when a monster this card points to activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Special Summon 1 "Gouki" monster from your GY, except "Gouki Shadow Ogre".
2 "Gouki" monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 "Gouki" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, change all monsters on the field to Attack Position. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can make all "Gouki" monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Gouki Jet Ogre" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 "Gouki" monster you control, except "Gouki Moonsault"; Special Summon this card, and if you do, return that monster to the hand. You can target 1 "Gouki" Link Monster in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, then you can add 1 "Gouki" monster from your GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Gouki Moonsault" once per turn.
If your opponent's monster attacks, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; the damage you take from that battle is halved. When your opponent activates an effect that would inflict damage to you (even during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; the damage you take from that effect is halved. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Octostretch". You can only use this effect of "Gouki Octostretch" once per turn.
If you control no monsters: You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 "Gouki" Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, then Special Summon the target, but it loses 500 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Gouki Ringtrainer" once per turn. While you control a "Gouki" Link Monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
If you control no monsters, or all monsters you control are "Gouki" monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Riscorpio". You can only use this effect of "Gouki Riscorpio" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Gouki" monster from your hand. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Suprex". You can only use this effect of "Gouki Suprex" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Gouki" monster: You can have that "Gouki" Link Monster gain 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Gouki" Spell in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck.
2+ "Gouki" monsters  Gains 300 ATK for each monster it points to. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster on either field that this card points to; this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
3+ "Gouki" monsters  Cannot be destroyed by battle. Unaffected by activated effects from an opponent's monster whose ATK is equal to or lower than this card's ATK. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets this card and/or a monster(s) it points to (Quick Effect): You can make this card lose exactly 500 ATK, and if you do, negate the activation. Once per turn, if this card's current ATK is different from its original ATK (Quick Effect): You can make this card gain 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
2+ "Gouki" monsters  All monsters on the field lose ATK equal to their original DEF. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 of your monsters this card points to instead.
2+ "Gouki" monsters  Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can return to the hand any number of "Gouki" monsters you control that this card points to, then target the same number of face-up cards your opponent controls; they have their effects negated until the end of this turn. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If your opponent controls a face-up monster(s), this card can only target their monster with the highest ATK for attacks (your choice, if tied).
2+ "Gouki" monsters  Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, while it points to a "Gouki" monster. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Gouki" monster in your Main Monster Zone, except "Gouki The Solid Ogre"; move that target to your Main Monster Zone this card points to.
2+ "Gouki" monsters  If a monster(s) this card points to is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can make this card gain 400 ATK. The turn player applies the following effect while this monster is on the field.  ● During their Main Phase, they can Normal Summon 1 monster from their hand to their zone this card points to, in addition to their Normal Summon/Set. (They can only gain this effect once per turn.)
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Gouki" monster, then target 1 "Gouki" monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Gouki" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Gouki Twistcobra". You can only use each effect of "Gouki Twistcobra" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card gains 300 ATK for each EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster on the field (other than this card). When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field, but its ATK becomes halved.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, if all monsters you control are EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon "Goyo Defender" from your Extra Deck. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can make this card gain 1000 ATK for each EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster you control (other than this card), until the end of the Damage Step.
2 EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters When this card, or a monster you control that is owned by your opponent, destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field. When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can Tribute 1 EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster; take control of that monster(s). If this face-up card leaves the field: Return control of all monsters you control to the owner.
1 EARTH Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field in face-up Defense Position.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters When this card declares an attack on an opponent's monster: This card gains 400 ATK for each EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monster you control, until the end of the Damage Step. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can activate 1 of these effects; ● Special Summon that monster to your side of the field. ● Take control of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field, but any battle damage it inflicts to a player is halved. You can only use this effect of "Goyo Predator" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can send 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Graveyard, except "Gozuki"; Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type monster from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Gozuki" once per turn.
A high-performance jet fighter with power capsules for variable attack capabilities.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This monster can only be Special Summoned by selecting 1 face-up "Gradius" on your side of the field. The ATK and DEF of this card becomes the same as the ATK and DEF of the selected "Gradius". If the selected "Gradius" is removed from the field, destroy this card.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Graff, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your Deck, except "Graff, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss".
This card gains 300 ATK and DEF for each "Lightsworn" monster with a different name in your Graveyard. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. During each of your End Phases: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
When this monster is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned or Special Summoned, increase your Life Points by 1000 points. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you take 2000 points of damage.
A masked monster that wields the most deadly of curses.
You can only control 1 face-up "Grandmaster of the Six Samurai". If you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is destroyed by your opponent's card effect: Target 1 "Six Samurai" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Attack Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 EARTH monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon that target to your side of the field. If this card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. When this card is Tribute Summoned: Target up to 2 Set cards on the field; destroy those targets. If this card was Tributed Summoned by Tributing an EARTH monster, add this additional effect. ● Also, draw 1 card after that.
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 Set card on the field; destroy that target.
You can Special Summon this card (from your Graveyard) by returning 1 "Dark World" monster you control to the hand, except "Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World". If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target, then, if this card was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand, then, if it was a monster, you can Special Summon it to your side of the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls. The selected monster cannot attack or be Tributed, while this card remains face-up on the field. During each of your End Phases, pay 500 Life Points or destroy this card.
A devious snake with a thick body that wraps around an enemy monster and squeezes the life out of it.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.
This card gains 500 ATK for each "Grass Phantom" in your Graveyard.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ●This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.
While there is a face-down Defense Position monster(s) on your side of the field, no player can select this card as an attack target. Each time a monster on your side of the field is Flip Summoned, inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
Any monster destroyed by battle is shuffled into the Deck instead of going to the Graveyard.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
When this card is flipped face-up: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; place that target on the bottom of their Deck. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard after being flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Necrovalley" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. This card's effects cannot be negated by the effect of "Necrovalley".
When this card declares an attack while "Necrovalley" is on the field: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target's battle position.
You can Tribute 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster, except "Gravekeeper's Cannonholder"; inflict 700 damage to your opponent.
You can only control 1 face-up "Gravekeeper's Chief". Your Graveyard is unaffected by "Necrovalley". When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Necrovalley" from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Summoned: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
You can Tribute 1 other face-up "Gravekeeper's" monster to target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
If this card is Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 "Gravekeeper's" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Gravekeeper's Headman" once per turn. This effect is unaffected by "Necrovalley".
This card on the field is unaffected by all other card effects, as long as "Necrovalley" is also on the field.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Gravekeeper's Nobleman".
You can Tribute 3 monsters or 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can activate any of these effects, and resolve in sequence, up to the number of "Gravekeeper's" monsters Tributed for the Summon. ● This card gains ATK equal to the combined Levels that all monsters Tributed for its Tribute Summon had on the field x 100. ● Destroy all Set monsters your opponent controls. ● All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 2000 ATK and DEF.
While there is no face-up Field Spell Card, the field is treated as "Necrovalley". All "Gravekeeper's" monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF.
When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard: Add 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.
This card gains 200 DEF for each "Gravekeeper's" monster in your Graveyard. Negate all monster effects that activate in the Graveyard, except "Gravekeeper's" monsters. While "Necrovalley" is on the field, your opponent cannot activate Field Spell Cards, also Field Spell Cards on the field cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
During your Main Phase, if "Necrovalley" is on the field: You can Fusion Summon 1 Spellcaster Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using this card you control and other monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. You can only use this effect of "Gravekeeper's Spiritualist" once per turn.
FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck.
2 "Gravekeeper's" monsters  Gains ATK/DEF equal to the combined original Levels of the materials used for its Fusion Summon x 100. While "Necrovalley" is on the field, this card, and any card in your Field Zone, cannot be destroyed by card effects. During your Main Phase: You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster or 1 "Necrovalley" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Gravekeeper's Supernaturalist" once per turn.
Any battle damage this card inflicts to your opponent is treated as effect damage instead.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster. This card gains 200 ATK for each "Gravekeeper's" monster in your Graveyard. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can discard 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster instead.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or monster effect that could make them discard when it resolves: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
A graveyard that serves as a power source for zombies.
You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell Card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
FLIP: Change the battle positions of all face-up monsters your opponent controls.
If it is not the first turn of the Duel and there are no cards on the field, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. You can destroy all Field Spell Cards on the field. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
1 non-Link Monster in the Extra Monster Zone  Cannot be used as Link Material the turn it is Link Summoned. This card in the Extra Monster Zone cannot be destroyed by battle with monsters in the Main Monster Zones. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster in the Extra Monster Zone: You can shuffle both this card and that opponent's monster into the Decks.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: It gains 300 ATK for each face-up monster your opponent controls. Once per turn, during your opponent's Battle Phase: You can target 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls; change it to face-up Attack Position, also it must attack this turn, if able.
Discard 1 card from your hand during your Main Phase 1. This monster can attack twice during the Battle Phase of this turn.
If this card in your Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or Spell effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, take control of that monster. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.
If this card in your Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or Trap effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, take control of that monster. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.
1 Aqua-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of WATER monsters used for the Synchro Summon of this card; destroy them. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 other WATER monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated. You can only use each effect of "Graydle Dragon" once per turn.
If this card in your Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or monster effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, take control of that monster. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can target 2 "Graydle" cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Graydle Slime" once per turn. When Summoned this way: You can target 1 "Graydle" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Graydle" monster in your Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon other monsters, except WATER monsters, also Special Summon that monster, then you can Special Summon from your hand, 1 Aqua-Type monster with the same Level as the monster Special Summoned by this card's effect. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Graydle" monster from your Deck.
A very violent beast, it is always berserk. People say that they have never seen it silent.
Nothing escapes from this beast's massive mouth.
When this monster destroys the following number of monsters as a result of battle, the following effects are activated in order: One: As long as this card remains face-up on the field, negate the activation and effects of all Spell and Trap Cards that target this card and destroy them. Two: You can Special Summon 1 "Fushioh Richie" from your hand or your Deck by Tributing this card during your Main Phase.
2 Warrior monsters, including a "Six Samurai" monster  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card; add 1 card that has an effect that places Bushido Counters from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Great General of the Six Samurai" once per turn. Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone this card points to, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card. Gains 100 ATK for each Bushido Counter on your field.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, your opponent skips their next Battle Phase.
The ATK of this card becomes twice the original ATK of 1 monster that you Tributed for the Tribute Summon of this card.
"The Snake Hair" + "Dragon Zombie"
This monster cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by Tributing "Petit Moth" on the 4th of your turns after "Petit Moth" has been equipped with "Cocoon of Evolution".
Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, declare the name of 1 card. Then see your opponent's hand and discard all copies of the declared card in his/her hand to the Graveyard.
If this card targets an opponent's face-up Attack Position monster for an attack, and that monster is not destroyed by the battle, this card can attack the same monster again in a row. This effect can only be used twice per turn.
If you control 2 or more face-up "Six Samurai" monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Your opponent can only activate 1 Spell/Trap Card each turn. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy a face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 Spellcaster-Type "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished: You can send 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz". You can only use 1 "Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned, you can switch the original ATK and DEF of 1 face-up EARTH monster on the field until the end of this turn.
A giant white shark with razor-sharp teeth.
2 WIND monsters  All WIND monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF, also all EARTH monsters on the field lose 400 ATK/DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 WIND monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Greatfly" once per turn.
This card's original ATK and DEF are each equal to its Level x 300. This monster's Level is increased by the Level of monsters it destroys by battle.
1 "Predaplant" monster + 1 DARK monster whose original Level is 8 or higher  Must first be Fusion Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, change that target's ATK to 0, also that target has its effects negated. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, then you can banish 1 Level 8 or higher DARK monster from your Graveyard and Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard when a face-up Beast-Type monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can pay 1000 Life Points; Special Summon this card.
Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. When this card on the field is destroyed: The controller targets 1 Spell/Trap Card they control; return that target to the hand. You can only control 1 face-up "Green Duston".
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Red Gadget" from your Deck to your hand.
This youthful king of the forests lives in a green world, abundant with trees and wildlife.
FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
FLIP: Target 2 Set Spell/Trap Cards on the field; destroy those targets.
This card's ATK and DEF are each equal to the number of your removed from play cards x 400.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
2 Level 3 monsters When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
If a Field Spell is face-up on the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can banish this card from your GY and 1 Link Monster you control; destroy 1 card your opponent controls. You can only use each effect of "Grid Sweeper" once per turn.
This monster's tough hide deflects almost any attack.
When the control of this face-up card on the field shifts to your opponent, increase your Life Points by 3000 points. This effect can only be used once as long as this card remains face-up on the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field by Special Summoning 2 "Grinder Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in face-up Attack Position on your side of the field. If you Special Summon this monster, you cannot Normal Summon or Set a monster during the same turn.
A surface battle robot that was once used for sea warfare.
Once per turn, if you control this face-up Defense Position monster when your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s), you can change that monster(s) to Defense Position.
A slime boss that is definitely tougher than it looks.
FLIP: Your opponent cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn.
When you take damage from a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, gain LP equal to the damage you took.
When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Gain Life Points equal to the original ATK of that destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou". When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: It gains 1000 ATK. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with this card.
Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Shooting Star Bow - Ceal". You can send 1 Equip Spell Card you control that is equipped to this card to the Graveyard to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If a "Guardian Eatos" is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned: You can equip 1 "Reaper Scythe - Dreadscythe" from your Deck to this card. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters (but you can Normal Set). If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
If you have no monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can send 1 of your Equip Spell Cards equipped to this card to the Graveyard, then target up to 3 monsters in your opponent's Graveyard; banish those targets, and if you do, this card gains 500 ATK for each monster banished by this effect, until the end of this turn.
Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Butterfly Dagger - Elma". When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 appropriate Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card.
Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Gravity Axe - Grarl". If this is the only card in your hand, you can Special Summon it (from your hand).
Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Rod of Silence - Kay'est". This card is unaffected by Spell effects and cannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can equip 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. This card gains ATK and DEF equal to half the ATK and DEF of the monster equipped to it by this effect. You can Tribute 1 monster and this card, then target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
If you control 2 or more LIGHT monsters, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only control 1 "Guardian of Order".
A monster that guards the entrance to the Netherworld.
A robot guard built to protect throne rooms, it is armed with homing missiles.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Return all monsters your opponent controls to the hand.
Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned, return 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field to its owner's hand.
Cannot be Summoned unless you control a face-up "Twin Swords of Flashing Light - Tryce". When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon the monster from the Graveyard that was used for its Tribute Summon.
2 Dragon monsters  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Dragon monsters. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Dragon monster from your Extra Deck, to an Extra Monster Zone or Main Monster Zone you can Summon to, that 2 or more Link Monsters point to. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Agarpain" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Guardragon Agarpain(s)" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand or Deck: You can double this card's original ATK/DEF until the end of the next turn. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY, or if this banished card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Andrake the Guardragon" once per turn.
1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Dragon monsters. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Dragon monster from your hand or Deck to your zone that 2 or more Link Monsters point to. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Elpy" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Guardragon Elpy(s)" once per turn.
If a Normal Monster(s) is sent to your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 Dragon monster from your hand to the GY; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Garmides the Guardragon" once per turn.
The World Key sheds tears that do not flow, as destiny is fulfilled. The Gates of the Divine crumble before the braying, and the snake devours the dream of the protectors. That soul lies in the place where it all began, while their soul lies in the place where it all shall end.  ―— This star, this world, is a divine prison that should never be unlocked.
1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Dragon monsters. During your Main Phase: You can target 1 of your Dragon monsters that is banished or in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone that 2 or more Link Monsters point to. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Pisty" once per turn. You can only Special Summon "Guardragon Pisty(s)" once per turn.
You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 Dragon monster you control; it gains 500 ATK/DEF until the end of your opponent's turn. If a Normal Monster(s) is sent to your GY while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Prominesis the Guardragon" once per turn.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Guerilla Kite" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Apply these effects.● You do not pay LP to activate Counter Trap Cards.● You do not discard to activate Counter Trap Cards.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can reveal 3 Counter Trap Cards from your Deck, your opponent chooses 1 for you to add to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 1 LIGHT monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
If your opponent controls a Synchro Monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
1 Level 5 or lower “Nordic” monster  If this card is Link Summoned: You can banish up to 3 cards from your hand and/or field, and if you do, Special Summon that many “Nordic” monsters from your Deck in Defense Position, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except “Aesir” monsters, nor Normal Summon/Set any monsters. You can only use this effect of “Gullveig of the Nordic Ascendant” once per turn. While this card points to an “Aesir” monster, your opponent cannot target that monster with card effects, also monsters your opponent controls cannot target this card for attacks.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card battles a Synchro Monster, return both monsters to their owners' hands at the start of the Damage Step (without damage calculation).
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner WATER monsters Once per turn: You can discard up to 2 cards to the Graveyard to target the same number of cards your opponent controls; destroy them.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 WIND Psychic-Type monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower non-Tuner "Gusto" monster from your Deck.
When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard, except by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Gusto" monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
If this card is sent from the hand to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gusto" monster from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Gusto Griffin" once per turn.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower "Gusto" monster from your Deck.
When this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Gusto" monster from your Deck.
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard this turn: You can banish 1 "Gusto" monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 WIND Psychic-Type monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck.
You can target 1 "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card from your hand or Graveyard to that target. You can only use this effect of "Gwenhwyfar, Queen of Noble Arms" once per turn. The equipped monster gains 300 ATK. Apply the appropriate effect, depending on the Attribute of the equipped monster. ● LIGHT: If the equipped monster would be destroyed by a card effect, you can destroy this card instead. ● DARK: If the equipped monster battles an opponent's monster, at the start of the Damage Step: You can destroy that monster, then destroy this card.
Increase the ATK of this card by 500 points for each monster on your opponent's side of the field. When this card attacks with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of your opponent's Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points.
This fairy uses her mystical power to protect the weak and provide spiritual support.
Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
If your opponent controls no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
FLIP: You can return up to 3 monsters on the field to the owner's hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: If your LP is lower than your opponent's, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Mayakashi" monster from your Deck, except "Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi". You can only use this effect of "Hajun, the Winged Mayakashi" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Mayakashi" monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; roll a six-sided die and that monster's Level becomes the same as the result until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Hallo Hallo, brain of tallow,  Guts are gone, noggin's hollow.  Seeking sweets and marshing mallows,  Watch your back, and your candy sack.
If your opponent controls a card and you control no cards, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card attacks an opponent's monster, as long as you control no Spell/Trap Cards, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
Once per turn: You can reduce the Level of this card by 1, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower WATER monster from your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 face-up Continuous Spell Cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. While this card is in face-up Defense Position, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one.
You can Tribute this card and 1 other monster; Special Summon 1 "Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys" from your hand or Deck.
If you control another face-up "Six Samurai" monster: You can Tribute 1 "Six Samurai" monster to target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. This card gains DEF equal to the combined original DEF of all other face-up Defense Position monsters you control.
When this card is destroyed by battle with an attacking monster your opponent controls and is sent to the Graveyard, you can equip this card to that monster. The equipped monster loses 1800 ATK. When it is destroyed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card.
Cannot attack directly. Gains ATK equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent's. If your LP are higher than your opponent's, you take any battle damage your opponent would have taken from battles involving this attacking card, instead.
FLIP: Select 1 monster on the field and return it to its owner's hand.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card; any effect damage you take this turn becomes 0.
An earthen figure that protects the tomb of an ancient ruler.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it (max. 1). You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, then target 1 face-up Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
Enemies become overjoyed when struck by the Heart Ray emitted from the forehead of this tiny cherub.
A living suit of armor that attacks enemies with a bone-jarring tackle.
(This card is not treated as an "Armed Dragon" card.)  You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 Level 8 or higher monster from your hand to the Graveyard. If you Tribute this card for the Tribute Summon of a Level 7 or higher monster, that monster cannot be destroyed by card effects.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All monsters you control gain 100 ATK and DEF for each face-up "Magician" Pendulum Monster with different names in your Extra Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. Cannot be used as Material for a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Summon, unless all other Materials are "Magician" Pendulum Monsters. When this card is Pendulum Summoned from the hand: You can Special Summon 1 "Magician" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Harmonizing Magician", but it has its effects negated, also banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Harmonizing Magician" once per turn.
You can discard 1 "Harpie" card; Special Summon 1 "Harpie" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position, except "Harpie Channeler". You can only use this effect of "Harpie Channeler" once per turn. While you control a Dragon-Type monster, this card's Level becomes 7. This card's name becomes "Harpie Lady" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard.
2 WIND monsters  This card's name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Harpie Conductor" once per turn.  ● If a "Harpie" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap you control instead.  ● If another face-up "Harpie" monster(s) you control is returned to your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
You can target 1 WIND monster you control; return it to the hand, then you can Normal Summon 1 WIND monster. You can only use this effect of "Harpie Dancer" once per turn. This card's name becomes "Harpie Lady" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard.
A Harpie chick who aspires to flit about beautifully and gorgeously, but attack sharply.
This card's name becomes "Harpie Lady" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard. You can only use each of these effects of "Harpie Harpist" once per turn. ● When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Winged Beast-Type monster you control (other than this card) and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; return them to the hand. ● During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 Level 4 Winged Beast-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.
This human-shaped animal with wings is beautiful to watch but deadly in battle.
(This card's name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".) All WIND monsters gain 300 ATK.
(This card's name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".) Negate the effects of Flip Effect Monsters this card destroys by battle.
(This card's name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".) An opponent's monster that battles this card cannot declare an attack during your opponent's next 2 turns.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Elegant Egotist".
This card's name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Harpie Oracle" once per turn.  ● If you control a Level 5 or higher "Harpie" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card name "Harpie Lady Sisters" in its text from your GY to your hand.
This card's name becomes "Harpie Lady" while on the field or in the GY. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card "Harpie Lady Sisters" in its text from your Deck to your hand. If you controlled a Level 5 or higher "Harpie" monster when this effect was activated, you can add up to 2 of those cards with different names instead. You can only use this effect of "Harpie Perfumer" once per turn.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Harpies' Hunting Ground" from your Deck to your hand. This card's name becomes "Harpie Lady" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard.
This card gains effects based on the number of "Harpie" monsters you control, except "Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon". ● 1 or more: Your opponent cannot target "Harpie" monsters you control for attacks, except "Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon". ● 2 or more: Double the original ATK and DEF of this card. ● 3 or more: Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
This card gains 300 ATK and DEF for each "Harpie Lady" on the field.
3 Level 4 WIND monsters This card's effects can only be applied/resolved while it has Xyz Material. This card can attack your opponent directly. Your opponent cannot target any "Harpie" monsters with effects or for attacks. During each of your End Phases: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Counter Trap Card from your Graveyard to your hand.
This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
If only your opponent controls a monster, or if you control a LIGHT monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 LIGHT Warrior monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Hayate the Earth Star" once per turn. Once per turn, when your Warrior monster is targeted for an attack: You can make this card lose exactly 500 ATK, and if you do, negate the attack.
2 or more (max. 5) Level 6 FIRE monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 monster your opponent controls or is in their Graveyard; banish that target. This card gains effects based on the number of Xyz Materials attached to it. ● 3 or more: This card gains 200 ATK and DEF for each Xyz Material attached to it. ● 4 or more: This card cannot be targeted by your opponent's card effects. ● 5: This card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1000. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Hazy" card from your Deck to your hand.
If your opponent controls a monster, and all the monsters (if any) on your side of the field and in your Graveyard are FIRE (and only FIRE), you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.
Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except FIRE monsters. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Hazy Flame" monster in your Graveyard; attach that target to this card as an Xyz Material.
Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 other FIRE monster; this card gains 300 ATK.
Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can send 1 FIRE monster, except this card, from your hand or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard; this card cannot be destroyed by card effects this turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned, except by a "Hazy Flame" monster's effect. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. You can send 1 FIRE monster from your hand to the Graveyard and Tribute this card; Special Summon 2 "Hazy Flame" monsters from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Hazy Flame Peryton" once per turn.
Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, then if it was the declared card type, you can Special Summon 1 FIRE monster from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Hazy Flame Sphynx" once per turn.
A haunted spirit of a falsely accused knight who wanders in search of truth and justice.
Once per turn, you can select another face-up monster you control to gain Life Points equal to that monster's Level x 100.
2 Level 4 Machine-Type monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Machine-Type monster you control; this turn, it can attack your opponent directly, also other monsters cannot attack. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
If an EARTH Machine-Type monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, but its original ATK and DEF become halved. You can only use this effect of "Heavy Freight Train Derricrane" once per turn. If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster and sent to the Graveyard to activate that monster's effect: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a Special Summoned monster: You can banish that monster.
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Union monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. Your opponent cannot target a monster equipped with this card with card effects, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card gains 500 ATK and DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
2 Pendulum Monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your Extra Deck face-up. Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, then add 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. If a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone leaves the field: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Heavymetalfoes Electrumite" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target is treated as a Spirit monster, also return that target to the hand during the End Phase. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Valhalla, Hall of the Fallen" from your Deck to your hand.
During damage calculation, in either player's turn, when a monster you control attacks or is attacked: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; halve the ATK of that monster you control until the end of this turn, but that monster cannot be destroyed by this battle.
You can only control 1 "Hel, Generaider Boss of Doom". (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Generaider" monster or Zombie monster, then target 1 "Generaider" monster or Zombie monster in your GY with a different name; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Hel, Generaider Boss of Doom" once per turn.
This card's ATK and DEF are each equal to the number of removed from play monsters x 100.
You can Special Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Helios - The Primordial Sun". This card's ATK and DEF are equal to the number of removed from play monsters x 200. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon it during the End Phase, and it gains 300 ATK and DEF.
You can Special Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Helios Duo Megistus". This card's ATK and DEF are each equal to the number of removed from play monsters x 300. After this card attacks, it can attack once more if your opponent controls a monster. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon it during the End Phase and it gains 500 ATK and DEF.
While your opponent has 4 or less cards in their hand and this card is the only monster you control, your opponent cannot declare an attack. Once per turn, if you control a Level 8 Dragon-Type monster: You can make this card become Level 8 until the end of this turn
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Helmer, Helmsman Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can discard 1 card "Fur Hire"; draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Helmer, Helmsman Fur Hire" once per turn.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Draw 1 card, then return 1 card from your hand to the bottom of the Deck.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. If this card was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, this effect activates at the end of each of your opponent's Battle Phases: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand. This card must be in the Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Level 7 or higher monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card: You can send this card and 1 other Fairy-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
During either player's turn, when an effect of an opponent's monster is activated: You can send this card and 1 other Fairy-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Dawn of the Herald". During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect: You can send 1 Fairy-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
2 Level 2 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand, then shuffle 1 card from your hand into the Deck. You can only use the effect of "Herald of Pure Light" once per turn.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card: You can send this card and 1 other Fairy-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Any monster sent from the hand or Main Deck to the Graveyard is banished instead. During either player's turn, when a Spell Card, Trap Card or monster effect is activated: You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Oracle of the Herald". Must be Ritual Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s), OR activates a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect: You can send 1 Fairy-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the Special Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
If this card is in the Graveyard: You can banish another "Heraldic Beast Aberconway" from your Graveyard to target 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Heraldic Beast Aberconway" once per turn.
You can discard 1 other "Heraldic Beast" monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster; this card gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.
After damage calculation: Destroy any opponent's monster that battles this card.
When this card is Summoned: You can make all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you currently control become Level 4.
If you control 2 or more "Heraldic Beast" monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
During the End Phase of the turn this card was Normal Summoned: Destroy this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Heraldic Beast Leo". You can only use this effect of "Heraldic Beast Leo" once per turn.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control with no Xyz Materials and 2 "Heraldic Beast" monsters in your Graveyard; attach those monsters from the Graveyard to that face-up Xyz Monster, as Xyz Materials. You can only use the effect of "Heraldic Beast Twin-Headed Eagle" once per turn.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 1 Psychic-Type Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. Its effects are negated. You can only use the effect of "Heraldic Beast Unicorn" once per turn.
A massive beetle with a tough carapace and a dangerous horn.
Each time a "Spellbook" Spell Card is activated, increase this card's Level by 2 and ATK by 300.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon any number of "Hero Kid"(s) from your Deck.
Feel da strength ah dis sword-swinging samurai from da Far East.
During your Standby Phase: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon up to 2 "Heroic Challenger" monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except "Heroic Challenger - Ambush Soldier". You can only use this effect of "Heroic Challenger - Ambush Soldier" once per turn. When you do: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; make all "Heroic Challenger" monsters you currently control become Level 1.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can add 1 "Heroic" card from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Heroic Challenger" monster: You can add 1 "Heroic Challenger" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Heroic Challenger - Clasp Sword" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Heroic Challenger - Double Lance" from your hand or Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material, except for the Xyz Summon of a Warrior-Type monster.
An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● When it is Xyz Summoned: It gains 1000 ATK.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster your opponent controls, before damage calculation: You can destroy that monster.
Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can target 1 face-up "Heroic" monster you control, except this card; this card gains ATK equal to that face-up monster's original ATK, until the end of the Battle Phase.
During either player's turn, if you control a face-up "Heroic" monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, you take no Battle Damage and "Heroic" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
Once per turn, if this card is in Attack Position: You can discard 1 "Heroic" card; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Heroic" monsters, also Special Summon 1 "Heroic" monster from your Deck, and if you do, change this card to Defense Position. When you take damage while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "Heroic Challenger - Thousand Blades" once per turn.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can equip the destroyed monster to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card gains ATK equal to that equipped monster's ATK.
2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK until your opponent's next End Phase.
2 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters Once per turn, when a Level 4 or lower monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy that Special Summoned monster(s).
3 Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then this card gains 500 ATK.
If "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn, if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone: You can target 1 card on the field, except this one; destroy it, and if you do, this card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 400 ATK.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles: It gains 200 ATK. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished "Speedroid" cards; add it to your hand. You can only Special Summon "Hi-Speedroid Chanbara(s)" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During either player's turn: You can Tribute this card; increase the Levels of all monsters currently on the field by 1, until the end of this turn. If this card is in your Graveyard and you control a "Speedroid" Tuner monster: You can Special Summon this card, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only use this effect of "Hi-Speedroid Hagoita" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. You can only use each of the following effects of "Hi-Speedroid Kendama" once per turn. ● You can banish 1 Machine-Type monster from your Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent. ● If this card is in your Graveyard and you control no cards: You can Special Summon this card. You cannot Normal Summon/Set the turn you activate this effect.
1 WIND Machine Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects.  ● Destroy all other cards on the field.  ● Negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent controls.  If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can add 1 "Speedroid" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Hi-Speedroid Kitedrake" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Special Summoned monster: You can make this card's ATK become double its current ATK until the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because this Synchro Summoned card was sent there from the field this turn: You can target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard, except "Hi-Speedroid Puzzle"; add it to your hand.
2 WIND monsters  During your Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 WIND monster, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. You can banish 1 WIND Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck; reveal 2 "Speedroid" monsters with different names from your Deck whose total Levels equal the Level of that Synchro Monster, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to add to your hand, and you send the other to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Hi-Speedroid Rubber Band Shooter" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster in your GY; add it to your hand. While you control no Link Monsters, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 DARK Dragon Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Hibernation Dragon" once per turn.
Confuses enemy monsters with a noise that is harsh to the ears.
Your opponent cannot select a face-down Defense Position monster as an attack target.
2 Level 6 Dragon-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck, and make its ATK and DEF 0. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster and 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your Graveyard. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can Tribute 1 face-up "Hieratic" monster instead, except this card.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1000. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Dragon-Type Normal Monster on the field; the Levels of all face-up "Hieratic" monsters currently on the field become the Level of that monster, until the End Phase. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 "Hieratic" Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Hieratic" monster. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Hieratic" monster, except this card, from your hand or your side of the field, to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0.
Once per turn, during either player's turn, when this face-up card on the field is targeted by a Spell Card, Trap Card, or card effect: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Hieratic" monster. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Hieratic" monster, except this card, from your hand or your side of the field, to target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and make its ATK and DEF 0.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 Dragon-Type Normal Monsters in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Graveyard to target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). This card cannot attack during the turn it is Special Summoned this way. When this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, also make its ATK and DEF 0.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Hieratic" monster, except "Hieratic Seal of the Dragon King", from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, in face-up Defense Position.
2 Dragon monsters  Once per opponent's turn, if this card is in the Extra Monster Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 monster from your hand or field; return 1 face-up card on the field to the hand. If this card is Tributed: Special Summon 1 Dragon monster from your hand or Deck, but its ATK/DEF become 0. You can only use this effect of "Hieratic Seal of the Heavenly Spheres" once per turn.
A mysterious engraved Hieratic relic. It was thought to be a simple stone, but it was actually infused with the power of a sun-wielding dragon. Aeons passed, and the power of the relic grew and grew until it finally shone like the sun itself.
2 Level 8 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Tribute any number of monsters from your hand and/or your side of the field (minimum 1), then destroy an equal number of cards on the field.
2 Level 7 Spellcaster-Type monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy Spell/Trap Card(s) your opponent controls, up to the number of "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard.
You can reveal 3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your hand or Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
A very agile half-fish warrior known for its relentless attacks.
FLIP: Target 1 face-up FIRE monster your opponent controls; take control of that target while this card is face-up on the field.
2 monsters, including a FIRE monster  (This card is always treated as a "Familiar-Possessed" card.)  You can target 1 FIRE monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while in its owner's control: You can add 1 FIRE monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Hiita the Blazing Fire Charmer" once per turn.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, they discard all cards in their hand during the next Draw Phase, before they draw.
An intensely hot flame creature that rams anything standing in its way.
2 LIGHT monsters  All LIGHT monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF, also all DARK monsters on the field lose 400 ATK/DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 LIGHT monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Hip Hoshiningen" once per turn.
FLIP: Your opponent draws 3 cards. Both players look at the cards. If there are any Spell Cards among them, discard all those Spell Card(s) to the Graveyard.
A rabid starfish that spits a lethal acid that can melt almost anything.
A one-eyed behemoth with thick, powerful arms made for delivering punishing blows.
If you control an "@Ignister" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can Tribute 1 other Cyberse monster; add 1 Level 5 or higher "@Ignister" monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, this card becomes Level 4 until the end of this turn, then, if you Tributed a Link Monster to activate this effect, you can add 1 "A.I.'s Ritual" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Hiyari @Ignister" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; while this card is face-up on the field, that face-up monster cannot attack, also its effects are negated. While that face-up monster is on the field, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
If this card is Summoned: Return all Set Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; that Set card cannot be activated until the end of your opponent's next turn.
This machine generates illusions that leave an enemy wide open to attacks.
Once per turn: You can change the Attribute of this card.
During your Main Phase: You can return this face-up card from the field to the hand. During either player's Damage Step, when a LIGHT monster you control battles: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster gains ATK equal to the ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling, until the end of this turn.
2 Cyberse monsters  Neither player can target monsters this card points to with card effects, and those monsters cannot be destroyed by battle.
During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster you control; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using only this card you control and that target. You can only use this effect of "Hop Ear Squadron" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when any player's monster declares an attack: You can negate the attack, then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  2 Level 4 monsters  If you can Pendulum Summon Level 4, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. You can detach 1 material from this card; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower Pendulum Monster from your hand in Defense Position, but it has its effects negated (if any), then you can place this face-up card in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Hope Magician" once per turn. If this card is Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster in your GY; attach it to this card as material.
A small fiend that dwells in the dark, its single horn makes it a formidable opponent.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Horseytail Token" (Plant-Type/WIND/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position. When this Token is destroyed by battle with a Plant-Type monster, its controller sends 1 card from their hand to the Graveyard.
Control of this face-up card cannot switch. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6" from your hand or Deck.
This card is unaffected by Spell effects. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8" from your hand or Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV6", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. You must control this face-up card to activate and to resolve this effect.
Your opponent cannot target face-up "Horus the Black Flame Dragon" monsters with Spells, Traps, or card effects.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all LIGHT monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all DARK monsters by 400 points.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can destroy all other face-up Attack Position monsters on the field. Monsters other than this card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
1 Tuner +  1 non-Tuner DARK Dragon-Type Synchro Monster During either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 Tuner monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Abyss" once per turn.
1 Tuner +  1 non-Tuner DARK Dragon-Type Synchro Monster You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 2 Tuner monsters with the same Level (1 from your Deck and 1 from your Graveyard) in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Hot Red Dragon Archfiend Bane" once per turn.
2 Tuners + 1 non-Tuner DARK Dragon-Type Synchro Monster When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards, also cards your opponent controls cannot activate their effects. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. If this card destroys a monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can target 1 Level 8 or lower DARK Dragon-Type Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned, its original ATK and DEF are halved until the End Phase of your next turn. After that, the original ATK and DEF are doubled.
This creature grants power instead of shortening life.
When this face-up card on the field is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle, and it was face-up at the start of the Damage Step, or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon any "Duston" monsters of your choice from your hand and/or Deck to anywhere on the field, but you must Special Summon an equal number of monsters on each side.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Insect-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck.
2+ WIND monsters  Gains 2400 ATK while your opponent has no monsters in their GY. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster in your opponent’s GY; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use this effect of “Hraesvelgr, the Desperate Doom Eagle” once per turn.
You can only control 1 "Hroddi, Generaider Boss of Swords". (Quick Effect): You can Tribute any number of "Generaider" monsters and/or Warrior monsters, then target that many monsters on the field; destroy as many of them as possible, then your opponent can draw 1 card for each monster they controlled that was destroyed by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Hroddi, Generaider Boss of Swords" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters After damage calculation, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can banish that monster, also banish this card.
This slime apparently has some human genes in its genetic makeup.
"Worm Drake" + "Humanoid Slime"
2 Level 3 monsters When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Djinn" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then you can attach up to 2 cards from your hand to it as Xyz Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Djinn" Xyz Monster you control; this turn, it can attack your opponent directly.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. If this card is Flip Summoned: It gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Fiend-Type monsters Once per turn: You can banish 1 Level 6 or lower DARK Effect Monster from your Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that banished monster's, and replace this effect with that banished monster's original effects. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 1300.
This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Hamburger Recipe". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.
This dragon has taken down countless prey with its sharp fangs. It strikes very quickly, because if it does not strike first it is vulnerable to a counter-attack.
While your opponent controls 2 or more face-up monsters, all of the same Type, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to select and destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.
This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up WIND monster you control. While you control another face-up WIND monster, your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target.
This monster feeds on whatever it catches in its web.
A tornado that ravages the wastelands with sharp winds that can cut to the bone.
If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. Once per turn: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard; banish that target. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster banished by this card's effect; Special Summon that target.
Each time this card declares an attack, you must Tribute 1 Aqua-Type monster. This card can attack 3 times during each Battle Phase.
"Genex Controller" + 1 or more non-Tuner WATER monsters When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, gain Life Points equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Hydrogeddon" from your Deck.
FLIP: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy it.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon any number of "Hyenas" from your Deck.
None can survive the cold touch of this sub-zero warrior.
This amphibian is strong on the attack, but leaves much to be desired when defending.
A dragon created from a massibe diamond that sparkles with blinding light.
At the end of the Damage Step, if an opponent's monster that battled this card is not destroyed: Return that opponent's monster to the hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Psychic-Type Monsters If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a Defense Position monster and that monster's DEF is lower than this card's ATK (use its original values if the other monster is no longer on the field): Gain LP equal to the surplus.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". If this card battles a monster, at the end of the Damage Step, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's DEF and gain Life Points equal to its ATK. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Hyper Psychic Blaster" from your Graveyard.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Monsters with ATK less than this card's ATK cannot attack, also monsters on the field with ATK higher than this card's ATK cannot activate their effects. If this card is destroyed by your opponent and sent to the GY: You can target 1 Tuner and 1 non-Tuner monster in your GY with the same Attribute and Type; add them to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Hyper Psychic Riser" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Dragon-Type monster: That monster gains 800 ATK, also banish that face-up monster during the End Phase.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
When this card is Normal Summoned, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no other monsters: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
This card gains effects based on the total number of cards in both players' Pendulum Zones. ●1 or more: This card gains 800 ATK and DEF. ●2 or more: At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Pendulum Summoned monster: Destroy that monster. ●3 or more: Monsters your opponent controls must attack this card, if able. ●4: If this card destroys a monster by battle or by its own effect: Draw 1 card.
Tribute 2 monsters on your side of the field to increase your Life Points by 1000 points.
2 non-Link Monsters  During your opponent's Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 Link Monster using materials you control, including this card. You can only use this effect of "I:P Masquerena" once per turn. A Link Monster that used this card as material cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  For this card's Synchro Summon, you can treat 1 "World Chalice" Normal Monster you control as a Tuner. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ib the World Chalice Justiciar" once per turn.  ● If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can add 1 "World Legacy" card from your Deck to your hand.  ● If this Synchro Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster from your Deck or GY, except "Ib the World Chalice Justiciar".
2 monsters with different Types and Attributes  This linked card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Your opponent cannot target this linked card with card effects. If a monster(s) this card points to would be destroyed by a card effect, you can send this card to the GY instead. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster from your hand.
2 Level 4 Winged Beast-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent currently controls, and if you do, this card gains 300 ATK for each face-up card currently on the field, except this card (these effects are applied until your next Standby Phase).
When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card they control; destroy that target, then you can Special Summon 1 "Fire Hand" from your Deck.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 2 WATER monsters. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; place an Ice Counter on that target. You can Tribute this card; destroy all monsters with an Ice Counter(s).
2 Level 5 Winged Beast-Type monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. When this face-up card you control is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You must have 3 or more Spellcaster-Type monsters in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
A very aggressive mermaid that attacks enemies with the spikes growing from its body.
2 Level 5 or higher Warrior monsters  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can add 1 Level 5 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Idaten the Conqueror Star" once per turn. Once per turn: You can discard any number of cards; this card gains 200 ATK for each card discarded. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster with an equal or lower Level (Quick Effect): You can make that opponent's monster's ATK 0 during that damage calculation only.
You cannot Summon monsters. You can only control 1 "Ido the Supreme Magical Force". If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon it from your Graveyard during the next turn's Standby Phase and destroy all other monsters you control.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The vaunted weapons of this pink Igknight have inflicted as much damage to her enemies as to her own troops, but she gets results so very few complain.
While this card is in your hand: You can target 3 "Igknight" cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, Special Summon this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 other "Igknight" monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, place 1 monster your opponent controls on the bottom of the Deck.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This impulsive Igknight warrior is fanatical about the causes he fights for. Because of this passion, his comrades try to keep him at arm's length.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A leader of the most dashing Igknight commando unit. His greatest challenge is keeping the hot tempers of his men under control.
While this card is in your hand: You can target 3 "Igknight" cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, Special Summon this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 other "Igknight" monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, place 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls on the bottom of the Deck.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A high-ranking Igknight warrior. When he does enter the fray, his sweeping attacks are feared not just by the enemy but also his own troops.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This Igknight has a reputation as a thinker with a cool head. But the truth is that his emotions just take longer to heat up.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The cold steel armor of this young squire cannot hide the keen, burning mind contained within.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  An experienced Igknight warrior who fights for justice and despises the corrupt. He even questions his own weapon these days, due to his absolute quest for righteousness.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This grizzled leader of the bodyguards division acts as chaperone to the Cavalier, and is one of the few complainers about her recklessness (mostly to the Gallant, the only one who understands him).
To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute a Continuous Spell/Trap Card you control, instead of a monster. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect while you control this Tribute Summoned monster: You can take 1 "True Draco" or "True King" Continuous Spell Card from your Deck, and either activate it or add it to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Pendulum Monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster on the field or 1 card in the Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but it cannot be used as a Synchro Material for a Summon.
1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Pyro-Type monster When this card is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, also destroy this card, then if both monsters were destroyed, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the monster in the Graveyard that was targeted by this effect.
You can send 1 face-up LIGHT Normal Monster you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. You can Tribute 1 "Noble Knight" monster; add 1 "Noble Arms" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ignoble Knight of Black Laundsallyn" once per turn. You can only control 1 "Ignoble Knight of Black Laundsallyn".
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Noble Knight" monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can equip 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card from your Deck to this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Noble Knight" or "Noble Arms" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only control 1 "Ignoble Knight of High Laundsallyn".
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a “Dream Mirror” monster: You can Special Summon 1 “Dream Mirror” monster from your hand, except “Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Mara”. During the Main or Battle Phase, if “Dream Mirror of Joy” is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 “Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Sprite” from your Deck. You can only use each effect of “Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Mara” once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a “Dream Mirror” monster: You can add 1 “Dream Mirror” card from your Deck to your hand, except “Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Sprite”. During the Main or Battle Phase, if “Dream Mirror of Terror” is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 “Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Mara” from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Ikelos, the Dream Mirror Sprite" once per turn.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type monster from your hand or from either player's Graveyard. When this card leaves the field, destroy all Zombie-Type monsters Special Summoned by this card's effect.
This monster blasts enemies with unexpected bursts of wind.
Manipulates enemy attacks with the power of illusion.
If a face-up "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster(s) or "Relinquished" you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when that monster was destroyed) or hand (even if not). If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster or "Relinquished" in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Illusionist Faceless Magician" once per turn.
When you Tribute Summon a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, the Type, Attribute, and Level of this card become the same as that face-up Tribute Summoned monster.
When this card on the field is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard: Send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, then, if it was a WATER monster, draw 1 card.
1 Normal Monster, except a Token  During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster this card points to: You can destroy that opponent's monster. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster from your hand.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute this card to add 1 "Zombie World" from your Graveyard to your hand.
You can reveal 1 Ritual Spell in your hand; Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, except "Impcantation Bookstone". If this card is Special Summoned from the Deck: You can target 1 Ritual Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Bookstone" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.
You can reveal 1 Ritual Spell in your hand; Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, except "Impcantation Candoll". If this card is Special Summoned from the Deck: You can add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Candoll" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Impcantation Inception". You can reveal this card in your hand; discard 1 card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, also, during the End Phase, lose 2500 LP if you did not Special Summon a Ritual Monster this turn after you resolved this effect. You can send 1 "Impcantation" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Chalislime" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand; Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, except "Impcantation Penciplume". If this card is Special Summoned from the Deck: You can target 1 Ritual Monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Penciplume" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.
You can reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand; Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, except "Impcantation Talismandra". If this card is Special Summoned from the Deck: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Impcantation Talismandra" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.
"Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" + "Berserkion the Electromagna Warrior" Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon both 1 "Valkyrion the Magna Warrior" and 1 "Berserkion the Electromagna Warrior" from your hand and/or Deck, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
During each of your Standby Phases, you must pay 1000 Life Points (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. During your Standby Phase: Target 1 Level 4 or lower Fiend-Type monster on the field; that target gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. "Pandemonium" must be on the field and this card must be in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. This monster attacks your opponent's Life Points directly.
You can only control 1 "Inari Fire". If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this face-up card on the field was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon it from your Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 "Cubic" monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If Summoned this way, this card gains 2400 ATK. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent. If this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can target up to 3 "Cubic" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Cubic" card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card attacked this turn: Destroy this card. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon this card from the GY.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can remove from play up to 5 FIRE monsters in your Graveyard. Destroy a number of Spell/Trap Cards on the field equal to the number of monsters removed from play for this effect.
2 Pyro-Type Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 500 ATK until your opponent's End Phase. When this card with 2500 or more ATK is destroyed: Target 3 monsters in any Graveyard(s); banish those targets.
This card can only be Normal Summoned or Set by discarding all other card(s) in your hand and Tributing 1 card you control with 2000 or more ATK. This card gains 200 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. This card loses 500 ATK for each other monster you control.
The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 2 or 5, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. As long as this card remains on the field, during each Standby Phase, increase the ATK of 1 Archfiend Monster Card by 1000 points until the End Phase.
If you have no cards in your hand, this card can attack your opponent directly.
When you draw this card, if you have no other cards in your hand: You can reveal this card; Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Infernity" card from your Deck to your hand. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.
When a monster you control, except "Infernity Avenger", is destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster and sent to the Graveyard, while you have no cards in your hand, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. In that case, the Level of this card is equal to the Level of your destroyed monster.
If this card attacks while you have no cards in your hand, your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards until after the Damage Step.
While you have no cards in your hand, you can Tribute this card to Special Summon up to 2 "Infernity Beetle" from your Deck.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 1600 damage to your opponent. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, if you have no cards in your hand, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls. Destroy that monster and inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its ATK. This card cannot attack during the same turn you activate this effect.
While you have no cards in your hand, during battle between an attacking monster you control and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of the attacking monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
If you have no cards in your hand: You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 2 Level 3 or lower "Infernity" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them from the Graveyard, but their effects are negated.
While you have no cards in your hand, this face-up card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can discard 2 cards; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.
This card cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. If you have no cards in your hand, you can Tribute this card to select 2 "Infernity" monsters in your Graveyard. Special Summon those monsters.
When this card is Normal Summoned, it is changed to Defense Position. If you have no cards in your hand, this card gains the following effect: Once per turn, you can select 1 "Infernity" monster in your Graveyard, except "Infernity Necromancer", and Special Summon it.
If this is the only card in your hand, you can Special Summon it (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Infernity Patriarch" once per turn this way. While you have no cards in your hand, if an "Infernity" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
Once per turn, while you have no cards in your hand, you can draw 1 card and reveal it. For a Monster Card drawn with this effect, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Level of that monster × 200. For a Spell or Trap Card, you take 500 damage.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 FIRE monster in your Graveyard. When this card destroys an opponent's monster as a result of battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict 1500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
When this card destroys your opponent's monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, you can select 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field, and flip it into face-down Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard, while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can activate this effect; this card can make a second attack in a row. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Infernoid" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Infernoid Decatron", and if you do, increase this card's Level by the Level of the sent monster, and if you do that, this card's name becomes that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or GY) by banishing 3 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or GY while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower. When this card is Special Summoned: You can destroy all Spells and Traps on the field, except "Void" cards. Once per turn, when another monster's effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 monster; negate the activation, and if you do, banish it.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 3 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: You can destroy all other monsters on the field. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated: You can Tribute 1 monster; negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by attacking an opponent's monster: You can send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand or Graveyard, while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card on the field; shuffle it into the Deck. That card cannot be activated in response to this effect's activation. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it (this is a Quick Effect).
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card attacks an opponent's monster, this effect can be activated at the end of the Battle Phase: Banish 1 card on the field. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand or Graveyard) by banishing 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your hand or Graveyard while the total Levels and Ranks of all Effect Monsters you control are 8 or lower, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card declares an attack: You can banish 1 card from your opponent's Extra Deck (their choice). Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it.
"Infernoid Onuncu" + "Infernoid Devyaty" + 1 or more "Infernoid" monsters When this card is Fusion Summoned, you can: Apply these effects, in sequence, depending on the number of Fusion Materials with different names used for this card's Summon; ● 3 or more: Each player sends 3 cards from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard. ● 5 or more: Each player sends the top 3 cards from their Deck to the Graveyard. ● 8 or more: Each player returns up to 3 of their banished cards to the Graveyard. ● 10 or more: Each player sends their entire hand to the Graveyard.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH Machine monster from your hand in Defense Position, except "Infinitrack Anchor Drill". You can target 1 other Machine monster you control; the Levels of both that monster and this card become the combined original Levels of those 2 monsters, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Anchor Drill" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can Special Summon 1 "Infinitrack" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Infinitrack Brutal Dozer", but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except EARTH Machine monsters. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Brutal Dozer" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can banish 1 Machine monster from your GY; add 1 "Outrigger Extension" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Crab Crane" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can banish 1 Machine monster from your GY; add 1 "Spin Turn" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Drag Shovel" once per turn.
2 Level 9 monsters  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can attach that monster to this card as material. You can only use each of the following effects of "Infinitrack Earth Slicer" once per turn.  ● You can detach any number of materials from this card, then target that many cards on the field; destroy them.  ● If this card is in your GY: You can Tribute 1 Machine Link Monster; Special Summon this card in Defense Position.
3 Xyz Monsters  Unaffected by other monsters' effects, except those of Xyz Monsters. Cannot be destroyed by battle, except with an Xyz Monster. You can target 1 Xyz Monster in your GY and 1 card your opponent controls; Special Summon that monster from your GY, and if you do, attach that opponent's card to it as material, also for the rest of this turn, any damage your opponent takes is halved. You can only use this effect of "Infinitrack Fortress Megaclops" once per turn.
1 "Infinite Ignition" non-Link Monster  If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. You can only use this effect of "Infinite Ignition Goliath" once per turn. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Machine and has this card as material gains this effect.  ● Cannot be destroyed by card effects.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Infinitrack" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Infinitrack Harvester". You can target 1 other Machine monster you control; the Levels of that monster and this card become their combined original Levels, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Harvester" once per turn.
2 Level 7 monsters  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can attach that monster to this card as material. You can only use each of the following effects of "Infinitrack Mountain Smasher" once per turn.  ● You can detach 1 material from this card; it gains 1000 ATK.  ● If this card is in your GY: You can Tribute 1 Machine Link Monster; Special Summon this card in Defense Position.
2 Level 5 monsters  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can attach that monster to this card as material. You can only use each of the following effects of "Infinitrack River Stormer" once per turn.  ● You can detach 1 material from this card; take 1 EARTH Machine monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY.  ● If this card is in your GY: You can Tribute 1 Machine Link Monster; Special Summon this card in Defense Position.
You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 5 or lower "Infinitrack" monster in your GY, except "Infinitrack Trencher"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Trencher" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 EARTH Machine monster; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 5 EARTH Machine monsters in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. You can only use each effect of "Infinitrack Tunneller" once per turn.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● When this card declares an attack, you can change the battle position of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it becomes Dragon-Type until the End Phase.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect, take control of 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls.
If this card attacks or is attacked, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can pay 2000 LP once per battle; this card gains 3000 ATK during that damage calculation only.
When 1 other face-up Plant-Type monster is targeted by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls, you can Tribute this card to draw 2 cards.
A log that attacks lost travelers in the forest. Originally a big tree, it was cut down and possessed by a wicked spirit.
Of all Insect fighters, he is the paragon of the Indestructible Insect Invaders, which only the elite of the elite can join. We can no longer ignore their unmatched battle prowess.
All Insect monsters your opponent controls are changed to Attack Position. If this card destroys an Insect monster by battle: This card gains 500 ATK.
Cannot declare an attack unless you Tribute 1 monster. This card gains 200 ATK for each Insect-Type monster on the field. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle this turn: Special Summon 1 "Insect Monster Token" (Insect-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100) in Attack Position.
2 monsters with different names  While this card points to a monster, your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. If a monster(s) this card points to is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Insect monster from your hand or GY, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Insect Shinobi Hagakuremino" once per turn.
The ATK of this card increases by 1000 points whenever it attacks a WIND monster.
Cannot be Normal or Special Summoned if you control a monster. Neither player can activate a monster effect unless the number of monster effects that player has previously activated that turn is less than the number of monster card types currently on the field (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum, and Link). (If an effect's activation was negated, it still counts toward the total for that turn. Only count effects that were activated while this monster was face-up on the field.)
During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; this turn, any effect damage you take becomes 0 (this is a Quick Effect).
Gain control of a monster that attacks this face-up Attack Position card, at the end of the Battle Phase.
When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, while this card is in the Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use the effect of "Interplanetarypurplythorny Beast" once per turn.
If a monster you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.
When you take battle damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, it gains ATK equal to the damage you took. Once per turn, during damage calculation, when another Defense Position monster you control is attacked by an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can activate this effect; during this damage calculation, your attacked monster's DEF becomes equal to this card's DEF, also it cannot be destroyed by that battle.
An extraterrestrial monster that came from a distant galaxy.
Your opponent cannot activate Quick-Play Spell Cards.
FLIP: Select 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field and switch control of it with this card. This effect cannot be activated during the Battle Phase.
When this card is Normal Summoned successfully, no Trap Cards can be activated.
2 Cyberse monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your hand to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Inverted Code Talker" once per turn.
When this monster is summoned (excluding Special Summon), select 1 of your opponent's monsters. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, the selected monster cannot attack.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 DARK monster  If a player's monster effect attempts to activate, none of that player's monsters can activate their effects for the rest of this turn while this card is face-up on the field. Each player can attack with only 1 monster during each Battle Phase.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 WATER monster  Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its ATK for damage calculation.
1 "Invoked" monster + 1 monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck  Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND-Attribute. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 "Invoked" monster you control or in your Graveyard; banish it and all monsters your opponent controls with the same Attribute as that monster.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 EARTH monster
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 LIGHT monster  Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: You can send the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap) from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 FIRE monster  This card gains 200 ATK for each card your opponent controls. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
"Aleister the Invoker" + 1 WIND monster  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's Level is increased by 3, also it gains ATK and DEF equal to this card's ATK and DEF. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, you can destroy this Equip Card instead.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. If an Equip Card(s) is sent to your Graveyard while equipped to this card (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 "Inzektor" card from your Deck to your hand. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's Level is increased by 3.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. If an Equip Card(s) is sent to your Graveyard while equipped to this card (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Inzektor" monster from your Deck, except "Inzektor Dragonfly". While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's Level is increased by 3.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster gains ATK and DEF equal to this card's ATK and DEF. When this card is sent to the Graveyard while equipped to a monster: The monster this card was equipped to gains 1000 ATK, until the End Phase.
2 Level 6 monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK and DEF equal to half the original ATK and DEF of the monster equipped by this effect. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up card on each side of the field; send those targets to the Graveyard.
2 Level 5 Insect-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 monster your opponent controls or in their Graveyard; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK and DEF equal to half the original ATK and DEF of the monster(s) equipped by this effect.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. If an "Inzektor" card equips to this card: You can look at all Set cards your opponent controls. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's Level is increased by 1, also it gains ATK and DEF equal to this card's ATK and DEF.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card from the Graveyard to that target. This effect of "Inzektor Giga-Cricket" can only be used once per turn. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's original ATK becomes 2000, and if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
You can target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's original ATK becomes 2400. If this card is sent to the Graveyard while equipped to a monster: You can target 1 "Inzektor" monster in your Graveyard except "Inzektor Giga-Mantis"; Special Summon that target. This effect of "Inzektor Giga-Mantis" can only be used once per turn.
You can target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's original DEF becomes 2600. If this card is sent to the Graveyard while equipped to a monster: You can target 1 "Inzektor" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. This effect of "Inzektor Giga-Weevil" can only be used once per turn.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's Level is increased by 4. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; the monster it was equipped to can attack your opponent directly this turn. Other monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's Level is increased by 3, also it gains ATK and DEF equal to this card's ATK and DEF. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard to target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
Once per turn: You can equip 1 "Inzektor" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster's Level is increased by 2, also it gains ATK and DEF equal to this card's ATK and DEF. While this card is equipped to a monster: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster you control; increase that target's Level by up to 2.
2 Insect monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 other Insect monster you control; equip 1 Insect monster from your Deck to it as an Equip Spell that gains this effect.  ● The equipped monster gains 500 ATK/DEF.  You can target 3 Insect monsters in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Inzektor Picofalena" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Ipiria" once per turn.
After a Chain with 3 or more Links resolves, draw 1 card. This effect cannot activate if multiple cards/effects with the same name were activated in that Chain.
FLIP: Add 1 Equip Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn, you can send 1 "Iron Chain" monster you control to the Graveyard to inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
Once per turn, you can select 1 "Iron Chain" monster you control to have it gain 300 ATK and DEF as long as this card is face-up on the field.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters You can remove from play all "Iron Chain" monsters from your Graveyard to have this card gain 200 ATK for each card removed, until the End Phase. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, send the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict 300 damage to your opponent. Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Iron Chain" monster from your Graveyard, except "Iron Chain Repairman". This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
During your Main Phase, you can equip this card to 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. That monster loses 800 ATK and DEF. When it is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, its controller sends cards equal to its Level from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by the following effect. If 3 or more cards are in the same column (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Iron Dragon Tiamaton" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all other cards in this card's column. Neither player can use the unused zones in this card's column.
If this card is Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Iron Knight" from your Deck, also if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is not in a Field Zone when this effect resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Iron Hans" once per turn. Gains 1000 ATK for each "Iron Knight" you control, while "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone.
Loses 1000 ATK while you control "Iron Hans". If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or sent to the GY by a card effect: You can add 1 "Iron Hans" from your Deck to your hand, or, if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone, you can add 1 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand, instead. You can only use this effect of "Iron Knight" once per turn.
3+ Machine Effect MonstersMust be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match.
If you control "D.D. Esper Star Sparrow", "Beast-Warrior Puma" and "Phoenix Beast Gairuda", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot change its battle position. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster you control; it can attack your opponent directly this turn.
A huge turtle that is often mistaken for an island.
If you control "Tristan, Knight of the Underworld", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can target up to 2 Zombie-Type monsters you control and declare a Level from 5 to 8; they become that Level until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie-Type monsters. You can only use this effect of "Isolde, Belle of the Underworld" once per turn.
2 Warrior monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters with that name, nor activate their monster effects. You can send any number of Equip Spells with different names from your Deck to the GY; Special Summon 1 Warrior monster from your Deck, whose Level equals the number of cards sent to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Isolde, Two Tales of the Noble Knights" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card from your hand by removing from play 1 Spirit monster from your hand. Spirit monsters you control do not have to have their effects that return them to the hand activated.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up, you can discard 1 card to add 1 Spirit monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
You can discard 1 Zombie monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Zombie monster in either GY; Special Summon it to your field, then banish this face-up card until the End Phase. Banish the Special Summoned monster when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Jack A' Booran" once per turn.
You can banish this card and 1 face-up Machine monster you control, then target 1 DARK monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Jack Wyvern" once per turn.
A strong master swordsman. His loyalty is to justice, his duty to protect the weak.
While this card is in Attack Position, Machine-Type monsters you control with 1200 or less ATK cannot be destroyed by Trap effects. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 LIGHT Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand or GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses ATK and DEF equal to the banished monster's Level x 300, until the end of this turn. Once per turn, if your other "Lightsworn" monster's effect is activated: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY.
Each time "Jar of Greed" is activated, draw 1 card.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Javelin Beetle Pact".
Cannot be Special Summoned. If you Tribute Summon this card, all Tributes must be WATER. This card gains 300 ATK for each face-up WATER monster you control, except this card.
An almost invisible, semi-transparent jellyfish that drifts in the sea.
During the End Phase, if a card(s) was sent from your Deck to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Lightsworn" card this turn: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent, and if you do, gain 500 LP.
Jerry, a bean soldier, believes he is the strongest warrior in the world, but his true abilities are still untested.
You can only control 1 "Jester Confit". You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. If Summoned this way, during your opponent's next End Phase: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; return both that target and this face-up card to the hand.
While this card is the only monster on the field, it gains 1000 ATK for each card in the Spell & Trap Card Zones.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: You can add 1 "Junk" monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Jet Synchron" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
"Jet Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can Tribute 1 Level 2 or lower monster; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Jet Warrior" once per turn.
At the time this card is selected as an attack target by an opponent's monster, you can activate Trap Card(s) from your hand.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Attack Position, except "Jiaotu, Darkness of the Yang Zing". If you control no other monsters: You can send 2 "Yang Zing" cards from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster with 0 ATK and 1 "Yang Zing" monster with 0 DEF from your Deck, but banish them during the End Phase. You can only use 1 "Jiaotu, Darkness of the Yang Zing" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can only control 1 "Jigabyte". If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 monster with 1500 ATK and 200 DEF from your Deck, except "Jigabyte".
FLIP: After this card is flipped, Tribute it during your Standby Phase to destroy all monsters on your side of the field and inflict damage equal to half of the total ATK of the destroyed cards (excluding this monster) to your opponent's Life Points.
Trap Cards, and their effects on the field, cannot be activated. Negate all Trap effects on the field.
This monster can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
This card's name becomes "Jinzo" while on the field or in the Graveyard. You can Tribute this card; add 1 "Jinzo" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Jinzo - Jector", then reveal all Set cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zones, and if there are Trap Cards among them, you can Special Summon "Jinzo" monsters from your hand, up to the number of Trap Cards revealed. You can only use this effect of "Jinzo - Jector" once per turn.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by sending 1 face-up "Jinzo" you control to the Graveyard. Trap Cards cannot be activated and the effects of all Trap Cards on the field are negated. Once per turn, you can destroy all face-up Trap Cards. Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed by this effect.
This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Jinzo" from your Graveyard. Destroy it during your End Phase.
When this card declares an attack: Toss a coin and call it. If you call it wrong, lose half your Life Points.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card (and no other cards): You can remove 3 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; negate that effect, and if you do, you can destroy 1 card on the field.
A wicked mirror that blocks off the damaging effects of an attack.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. If an "Aesir" monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position. If an "Aesir" monster is not on the field, destroy this card. If this face-up Defense Position card you control is changed to face-up Attack Position: Take 3000 damage. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
You can discard 1 random card from your hand to the Graveyard; destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field. Neither player can Special Summon monsters.
FLIP: Take control of 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field until the end of the turn that this card's effect is activated. When the controlled monster attacks, it can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
This club-wielding warrior battles to the end and will never surrender.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 4 or more "Lightsworn" monsters with different names in your GY. You can pay 1000 LP; destroy all other cards on the field. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 4 cards of your Deck to the GY.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If you Synchro Summon this card, all materials must be the same Attribute. Once per turn, if you have 4 or more Tuners with different names in your GY and control this Synchro Summoned card: You can pay half your LP; destroy all other cards on the field, also, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Dragon monsters. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Banish 4 cards from the top of your Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can increase the Levels of all Machine-Type monsters you currently control by 1. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.
For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Synchron" Tuner monster. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 non-Tuner "Junk" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster that lists a "Synchron" monster as a Tuner, using that monster and this card only. These Synchro Materials are banished instead of being sent to the Graveyard.
"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it. During the End Phase of this turn, return it to your opponent's side of the field, in the same battle position.
"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters You can banish 1 "Junk" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses ATK equal to the banished monster's ATK. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.
You can banish 1 "Junk" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 400 ATK until the end of this turn.
During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can Tribute this card; all face-up monsters on the field have their effects negated until the end of this turn.
You can only use the following effect of "Junk Changer" once per turn. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Junk" monster on the field, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Increase its Level by 1. ● Reduce its Level by 1.
(Quick Effect): You can banish this card on the field and 1 Normal Trap in your GY; apply that banished Trap's effect. (The Trap's activation requirements must still be correct, but costs are not paid.)
2 Warrior and/or Machine Effect Monsters, including at least 1 Tuner  Once per turn, during the Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using only monsters this card points to. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY, or if this Link Summoned card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Junk" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Synchro Summon.)
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can have this card gain 300 DEF until the end of this turn.
"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target cards on the field, up to the number of non-Tuner monsters used for the Synchro Summon of this card; destroy those targets.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can select 1 monster your opponent controls, and change its battle position. This effect can be activated during either player's turn. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can select 1 monster on the field and change its battle position.
If your opponent controls a Level 5 or higher monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). A Synchro Summon using this card as a Material cannot be negated. If a player Synchro Summons using this card as a Material, the other player cannot activate cards or effects when that monster is Synchro Summoned.
If you control a "Junk" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
1 “Synchron” Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon as many “Synchron” Tuners as possible with different Levels from your Deck in Defense Position. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Synchro Monsters, the turn you activate this effect. When an attack is declared involving this card that was Synchro Summoned this turn and another monster: You can make this card’s ATK become double its original ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of “Junk Speeder” once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 2 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, but it has its effects negated.
"Junk Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: It gains ATK equal to the total ATK of all Level 2 or lower monsters you currently control.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that would inflict damage to you: You can send this card from your hand or field to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
During either player's Battle Step: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, gain 1000 LP. You can only use this effect of "Juragedo" once per turn. During either player's turn: You can Tribute this card, then target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of the next turn.
You can Tribute this card to select 1 Level 4 or lower "Jurrac" monster in your Graveyard, except "Jurrac Aeolo". Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard.
While another face-up "Jurrac" monster is on the field, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
Once during each player's End Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle this turn, you can Tribute 1 "Jurrac" monster to draw 2 cards.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Your opponent can discard 1 card to negate this card's effect, otherwise destroy the monster that destroyed this card.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dinosaur-Type monsters All face-up "Jurrac" monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each "Jurrac" monster in your Graveyard.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Jurrac" monster with 1700 or less ATK from your Deck, but it cannot declare an attack this turn.
When a Defense Position "Jurrac" monster you control, except "Jurrac Herra", is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can select 1 Set card your opponent controls, and return it to the hand.
1 "Jurrac" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner Dinosaur-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, destroy all cards on the field. Then, you can Special Summon 1 Tuner monster from your Graveyard.
This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.
This card gains 100 ATK for each monster your opponent controls.
If this card is attacked, return the attacking monster to the hand after damage calculation and this card gains DEF equal to the returned monster's Level x 100.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Spinos Token" (Dinosaur/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 300/DEF 0) in Attack Position to your opponent's side of the field.
If this card is destroyed by battle, Special Summon 2 "Jurrac Tokens" (Dinosaur-Type/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, unless it is for a "Jurrac" monster.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Cannot be targeted by Trap or monster effects. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Jurrac" monster with 1700 or less ATK from your Graveyard; this card gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
You can Tribute 1 Dinosaur-Type monster to have this card gain 500 ATK. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, this card gains 300 ATK.
When this face-up Attack Position card attacks or is attacked, and it is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Jurrac" monster with 1700 or less ATK from your Deck.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dinosaur-Type monsters This card's ATK and DEF are equal to the total original ATK of the Synchro Material Monsters used for its Synchro Summon. If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, you can destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation.
Once per turn, when a Special Summoned monster your opponent controls activates its effect, you can negate the activation.
During your End Phase, if you activated a "Spellbook" Spell Card previously this turn: You can banish this card from the field; add both 1 Level 5 or higher LIGHT or DARK Spellcaster-Type monster and 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Justice of Prophecy" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can change 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Defense Position.
When this card destroys a monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to the Level of the monster x 500 points.
A huge monster in the shape of a hippopotamus. The sneezing from his gigantic body is so fierce that people mistake it for a hurricane.
Once per turn, before damage calculation, if your monster attacked an opponent's monster: You can change the battle position of that monster your opponent controls. Once per turn, before damage calculation, if an opponent's monster attacked your monster: You can change the battle position of that monster you control.
2 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, when this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it can make a second attack in a row.
When you Normal Summon a Level 3 monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
Serving as a double for the Ruler of the Blue Flame, he's a master swordsman that wields a fine blade.
During either player's turn, when exactly 1 face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control is targeted by a Spell Card, Trap Card, or card effect that could have targeted this card: You can activate this effect; that Spell/Trap/effect now targets this face-up card on the field, instead.
He yoozes both a physical and a shadow form ta attack. So he's a tough monstah ta beat!
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. When you Normal Summon a Level 4 monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a monster(s) is Pendulum Summoned: Return this card from the Pendulum Zone to the hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can choose 1 card in your Pendulum Zone, and send to the GY all cards your opponent controls in the same column as that card. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return this card to the hand.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your hand.
If this card is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can pay 500 LP; Fusion Summon 1 Warrior Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. During your opponent's turn, if this card is in your GY and you control a Level 5 or higher Warrior monster whose current ATK is different from its original ATK (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Kaiki the Unity Star" once per turn.
A sea dragon known as the King of the Ocean, it attacks its enemies with huge tidal waves.
"Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1" + "Fairy Dragon"
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has the same ATK. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster on the field; return that target to the hand.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a LIGHT monster.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Kaiser Sea Snake" once per turn this way. When Summoned this way: You can Special Summon 1 Level 8 Sea Serpent-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard, but its ATK and DEF become 0. If this card is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and original ATK becomes 0.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: This card gains 500 ATK. If this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a Beast-Type monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
A man-shaped mantis with two razor-sharp scythes.
"Ocubeam" + "Mega Thunderball"
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Shuffle 1 card your opponent controls into the Deck, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
"Mystical Elf" + "Curtain of the Dark Ones"
FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Gusto" Tuner monster from your Deck.
A lady warrior armed with sword and shield, she floats lightly and stings sharply.
A monster that battles with this card is changed to Defense Position after damage calculation.
A monster crab with huge claws for clipping enemies to little pieces.
An amphibian that sold his soul for unlimited power to avenge his late friend.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card on the field is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card on the field is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. If another "Karakuri" monster on the field is destroyed, this card gains 400 ATK.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Machine monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Karakuri" monster from your Deck. Your Defense Position monsters cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, if the battle position of a face-up "Karakuri" monster you control is changed: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up card on the field is selected as an attack target, change its battle position. While this card is face-up on the field, once per turn during your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon a "Karakuri" monster in addition to your Normal Summon or Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card on the field is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. When this card is Normal Summoned, add 1 "Karakuri" card from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Karakuri" monster you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except EARTH Machine monsters, also change that monster's battle position, and if you do, Special Summon this card as a Tuner. You can only use this effect of "Karakuri Monk mdl 9763 "Kunamusan"" once per turn. This card must attack if able. If this card is targeted for an attack: Change its battle position.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. If this card attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up, select 1 face-up monster on the field, and send it to the Graveyard. During the turn this card is flipped face-up, it can attack your opponent directly.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up card on the field is selected as an attack target, change its battle position. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can draw 1 card for each face-up Defense Position "Karakuri" monster you control.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up card is selected as an attack target, change its battle position. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, select 1 Level 4 or lower "Karakuri" monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Machine-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Karakuri" monster from your Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card on the field is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Karakuri" monster from your Deck in face-up Attack Position.
If this card attacks a DARK monster, destroy the attack target after damage calculation.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Machine-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Karakuri" monster from your Deck. Once per turn, when the battle position of a face-up "Karakuri" monster you control is changed (and remains face-up): Draw 1 card.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up Attack Position card is selected as an attack target, change it to Defense Position. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, select 1 monster on the field and change its battle position.
This card must attack if able. If this card is targeted for an attack: Change its battle position. (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Karakuri" monster you control; change its battle position. You can only use this effect of "Karakuri Toad mdl 4624 "Shirokunishi"" once per turn.
This card must attack if able. When this face-up card is selected as an attack target, change its battle position. When you take Battle Damage from a battle involving this card, all face-up "Karakuri" monsters you control gain 800 ATK and DEF until the End Phase. While this card is in face-up Attack Position, it cannot be destroyed by battle.
You can double the original ATK of this card once per turn. If you used this effect, destroy this card during the End Phase.
"M-Warrior #1" + "M-Warrior #2"
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by controlling 2 or more Zombie-Type monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Shuffle all other monsters on the field into the Deck, and if you do, this card's ATK becomes 1000 x the number of face-up Zombie-Type monsters shuffled into the Deck this way.
Attacks enemies by spitting thin, sticky webs.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard; all face-up "Laval" monsters you currently control gain 400 ATK.
During damage calculation in your opponent's turn, if this card is being attacked: You can target the attacking monster; make that target's ATK 0 during damage calculation only (this is a Quick Effect). This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can discard 1 card; add 1 “Polymerization” Normal Spell or “Fusion” Normal Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 of the Fusion Materials whose name is specifically listed on that card from your GY in face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of “Keeper of Dragon Magic” once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters, the turn you activate either of this card's effects.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Dragon-Type monster. While this card is in your hand or Graveyard, if a face-up Dragon-Type monster on the field, except "Keeper of the Shrine", is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect or because it was destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card, then, if that monster sent to the Graveyard is a Normal Monster, you can add 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster from your Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Keeper of the Shrine" once per turn.
A monster that attacks this card returns to its owner's hand. Damage calculation is applied normally.
When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, select 2 cards from your opponent's Graveyard, add them to your opponent's Deck and the Deck is then shuffled.
Enemies' hearts will melt at the sight of this small fairy's cuteness.
This fiend brings out the worst in everyone.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can make this card Level 3 until the End Phase.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Level 3 or lower Beast-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Dragon-Type monsters, nor conduct your Battle Phase, the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Kidmodo Dragon" once per turn.
2 Level 1 monsters  Unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 2 materials from this card; this turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card.
A huge bee with exceptional strength that's particularly dangerous in a swarm.
"Lord of D." + "Divine Dragon Ragnarok" Your opponent cannot select any Dragon-Type monsters as the target(s) of Spell, Trap, or Monster Card effects. Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand.
A fiend that dwells in a blinding curtain of smoke.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card must be Tribute Summoned by Tributing 3 Fiend-Type monsters on your side of the field. If this card attacks your opponent's Life Points directly and makes them 0, the controller of this card wins the Match.
You can Tribute 1 face-up "Moja" you control to Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. There can only be 1 face-up "King of the Beasts" on the field.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 Reptile-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
The original ATK of this card is the combined number of "King of the Skull Servants" and "Skull Servant" in your Graveyard x 1000. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 other "King of the Skull Servants" or 1 "Skull Servant" from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
This card can be used as a substitute for any 1 Fusion Material whose name is specifically listed on the Fusion Monster Card, but the other Fusion Material(s) must be correct. You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand.
Wields the power of darkness to destroy its enemies.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● Once per turn, you can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
When a monster(s) with 1400 or less ATK is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned: Destroy those monsters with 1400 or less ATK. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned while you control "Queen's Knight": You can Special Summon 1 "Jack's Knight" from your Deck.
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 Level 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon that target, but banish it when this card leaves the field. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this card on the field, you can equip it to your "Dark Blade" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, increase the ATK/DEF of the equipped monster by 900 points, and you can Tribute this card to allow the equipped monster to attack your opponent's Life Points directly this turn. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
When your opponent's monster attacks this card in face-down Defense Position, this card becomes an Equip Spell Card equipped to the attacking monster (No damage calculation is conducted). During each of your opponent's Standby Phases, increase your Life Points by half of the ATK of the monster equipped with this card.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card; "Magician Girl" monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK and DEF for each "Magician Girl" monster with different names on the field and in the Graveyards, until the end of this turn. Spellcaster-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects, and your opponent cannot target them with card effects.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● During your End Phase: You can target 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Knight Day Grepher" once per turn.
If you have exactly 3 Normal Monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand by removing from play 2 Normal Monsters from your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your Graveyard.
2 monsters with different names  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Special Summoned monster in your opponent's Main Monster Zone; destroy it, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Cerberus" once per turn. Co-linked monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your field so it points to this card, but change its ATK to 0, also negate its effects. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Link Monsters. If this card in its owner's control is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card to your opponent's field in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Corruptor Iblee" once per turn.
2 monsters with different names  If this card is Link Summoned during your turn: You can discard 1 card; if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card, also, during your Main Phase this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 monster from your hand to your zone this card points to, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. You can only apply this effect of "Knightmare Goblin" once per turn. Neither player can target co-linked monsters you control with card effects.
2+ monsters with different names  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Spell/Trap in your GY; Set it to your field, but it cannot be activated this turn, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Gryphon" once per turn. Special Summoned monsters on the field cannot activate their effects, unless they are linked.
Level 9 monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Knightmare Incarnation Idlee" once per turn.  ● If the total Link Rating of the monsters on the field is 8 or more (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If this card is Special Summoned, while your opponent controls more Link Monsters than you do: You can send all Link Monsters on the field to the GY.
1 "Knightmare" monster, except "Knightmare Mermaid"  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Knightmare" monster from your Deck, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Mermaid" once per turn. Monsters on the field lose 1000 ATK/DEF, unless they are co-linked.
2 monsters with different names  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Phoenix" once per turn. Co-linked monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
2+ monsters with different names  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; return it to the Deck, then, if this card was co-linked when this effect was activated, you can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Knightmare Unicorn" once per turn. While any co-linked "Knightmare" monsters are on the field, for your normal draw in your Draw Phase, draw 1 card for each different card name among those co-linked "Knightmare" monsters, instead of drawing just 1 card.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Insect-Type monster in your hand. If a LIGHT or DARK monster is Special Summoned in Attack Position: Change that monster to Defense Position.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Warrior-Type monster in your hand. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" or 1 Level 4 or lower "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your Deck to your hand.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster in your hand. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can add 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" card from your Graveyard to your hand.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Fiend-Type monster in your hand. Negate the effects of LIGHT and DARK monsters that activate during the Main Phase.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Dragon-Type monster in your hand. Neither player can Special Summon LIGHT or DARK monsters.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Zombie-Type monster in your hand. If a "Koa'ki Meiru" monster you control would be destroyed by battle or by a card effect, you can remove from play 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster in your Graveyard instead.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Plant-Type monster in you hand. During each of your Standby Phases, you can send 1 Level 3 or lower monster from your Deck to your Graveyard.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Rock-Type monster in your hand. During either player's turn, when a monster effect is activated: You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.
You can return 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the top of the Deck. If you do, the effect(s) of all face-up Effect Monsters are negated until the Standby Phase of your next turn, except "Koa'ki Meiru" monsters.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Continuous Spell Card in your hand. You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy 1 Special Summoned monster on the field.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand. During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" or 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can select and destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Rock-Type monster in your hand. During either player's turn, when your opponent would Summon a monster(s): You can Tribute this card; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Normal Trap Card from your hand. If this card battles with a LIGHT or DARK monster, any of that monster's effects that activate or apply on the field are negated during the Battle Phase, while this card remains on the field.
If a face-up "Koa'ki Meiru" monster(s) on the field would be destroyed during the End Phase, you can destroy this card instead. When a face-up "Koa'ki Meiru" monster(s) on the field is destroyed during the End Phase, you can Special Summon 1 "Koa'ki Meiru Token" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1800).
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Warrior-Type monster in your hand. You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can remove from play 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" card in your Graveyard to destroy up to 2 cards your opponent controls.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Rock-Type monster in your hand. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card: You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 WATER monster in your hand. Once per turn, you can send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard to return 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Machine-Type monster in your hand. If you draw "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" during your Draw Phase, you can reveal it to your opponent to draw 1 more card.
You can return 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the top of the Deck to destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster in your hand. Once per turn, you can reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand to Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your Deck, except "Koa'ki Meiru Urnight".
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard. You can Tribute Summon this monster by Tributing 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster. This card cannot be destroyed by the effects of Trap Cards. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Rock-Type monster in your hand. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card: You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your hand to the Graveyard or reveal 1 Warrior-Type monster in your hand. Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to half the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy all monsters equipped to it by this effect instead.
"Sea Koala" + "Tree Otter" You can send 1 Beast-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this card on the field, you can equip it to your "Aitsu" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, increase the ATK of the equipped monster by 3000 points. When it attacks with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of a Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
A man-hunter with powerful arms that can crush boulders.
A high-powered dung beetle that can roll dung larger than itself. It crushes its foes with its massive ball of dung.
If there are face-up monsters with the same name on the field, destroy those monsters. (If a monster is Summoned or flipped-face up that has the same name as a monster that is already face-up on the field, the new face-up monster is destroyed. If they are Summoned or flipped face-up at the same time, they are all destroyed.)
A vicious, fire-breathing dragon whose wicked flame corrupts the souls of its victims.
A workaholic fiend who devotes everything to his research into the languages of Dark World. His mind has collapsed because of working too hard.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.
Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. During either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated: You can banish 1 "Kozmo" monster from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 Level 8 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing "Kozmo" monsters from your hand whose total Levels equal 10 or more, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. During either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can banish 1 "Kozmo" monster from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 Level 9 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Kozmo" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses ATK and DEF equal to the sent monster's Level x 100. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.
Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "DOG Fighter Token" (Machine-Type/DARK/Level 6/ATK 2000/DEF 2400). If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Farmgirl" once per turn. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can pay 500 LP; add 1 "Kozmo" card from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. During your Standby Phase: Gain 1000 LP. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 6 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Goodwitch" once per turn. Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position.
If a "Kozmo" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can destroy 1 other "Kozmo" card you control instead. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 3 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Scaredy Lion" once per turn. Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 3 of your banished "Kozmo" monsters; return them to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Kozmo" monster from your Deck.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Soartroopers" once per turn. Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Psychic-Type "Kozmo" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 3 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Strawman" once per turn. Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 of your banished "Kozmo" monsters; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, also destroy it during the End Phase.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 2 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Tincan" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can pay 500 LP; reveal 3 "Kozmo" cards with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to add to your hand, and you send the rest to the Graveyard.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 6 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmoll Dark Lady" once per turn. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when another monster's effect is activated: You can pay 1000 LP; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.
During either player's turn: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Kozmo" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmoll Wickedwitch" once per turn. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can pay 1000 LP; this turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
FLIP: You can target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it.  If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Axon". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Axon" once per turn.
FLIP: You can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY.  If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Dendrite". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Dendrite" once per turn.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 "Krawler" monster from your hand or GY, in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Glial".  If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Glial". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Glial" once per turn.
FLIP: You can target up to 2 "Krawler" monsters in your GY; add them to your hand.  If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Ranvier". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Ranvier" once per turn.
FLIP: You can add 1 "Krawler" monster from your Deck to your hand.  If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Receptor". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Receptor" once per turn.
FLIP: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy that monster.  If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names from your Deck in face-down Defense Position, except "Krawler Spine". You can only use each effect of "Krawler Spine" once per turn.
When this card is targeted for an attack: You can pay 800 LP; negate the attack.
A vicious crocodile with great intelligence.
Once per turn, during your Battle Step, if this card battled this turn: You can add 1 Level 8 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field.
If this card on the field is Tributed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower WIND monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand, except "Kujakujaku". You can only use the effect of "Kujakujaku" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): You can remove 2 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; until the end of the next turn, that monster(s) cannot attack and it has its effects negated.
A massive, intelligent spider that traps enemies with webbing.
When control of this face-up card changes, its new controller discards 1 random card.
A vicious bird that attacks from the skies with its whip-like tail.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards on the field; destroy those targets, and if you do, each player can draw 1 card for each of the cards they controlled that was destroyed by this effect. This card cannot attack during the turn it is Normal or Special Summoned.
During the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can Tribute this card; excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, you can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the GY.
During your opponent's turn, at damage calculation: You can discard this card; you take no battle damage from that battle (this is a Quick Effect).
At the end of the Battle Phase: You can discard this card, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard that was destroyed by battle and sent there this turn; Special Summon it. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target any number of "Kuriboh" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them.
During damage calculation, if this card is being attacked by your opponent's monster: You take no Battle Damage from this battle, your opponent gains Life Points equal to the attacking monster's ATK, and you return this card to your hand.
During either player's turn: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard and pay 2000 Life Points; you take no damage this turn. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 "Photon" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, except "Kuriphoton"; add this card from your Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kuriphoton" once per turn.
You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster that has Xyz Material; detach 1 Xyz Material from it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Kurivolt" from your Deck. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a monster(s) is Pendulum Summoned: Return this card from the Pendulum Zone to the hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send to the GY all Spells/Traps your opponent controls in the same column as the card(s) in your Pendulum Zones. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return this card to the hand.
A very vicious stag beetle that goes for the head.
"Kuwagata α" + "Hercules Beetle"
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target up to 2 monsters in their Graveyard; banish those targets. Your opponent cannot banish cards from either player's Graveyard.
A genie of the lamp that is at the beck and call of its master.
The ancients compared this prized creature to moonlight rippling across water. A bringer of harmony, reminder of past glories, able to soothe the hearts of even the most ambitious men.
"Giga-Tech Wolf" + "Cannon Soldier"
These walls form a labyrinth with no exit for enemies.
FLIP: Remove 3 cards from the top of your Deck from play to inflict 800 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 Level 3 or lower Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lady Debug" once per turn.
By discarding 1 WIND monster from your hand to the Graveyard, return all Spell and Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field to the owner's hand.
Your opponent cannot target face-up Dragon-Type monsters you control for attacks. If this card on the field would be destroyed by battle or by a card effect, you can send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard instead.
Soothes the souls of others by chanting a mysterious spell.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a Warrior-Type monster. If this card is used for a Synchro Summon, banish it. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Noble Knight" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 5 "Noble Knight" monster you control; reduce its Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
Tribute this face-up card to return 1 of your monsters destroyed as a result of battle during this turn to the top of your Deck.
An electric cloud creature, its acid rain makes it very dangerous.
A sorcerer that draws its power from the lunar landscape.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a Normal Monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This primordial species survived extinction by evolving an offensive lance that can pierce anything, although its diet still consists mainly of fish.
Once per turn, when a monster you control declares an attack targeting a Defense Position monster your opponent controls, you can activate this effect. If you do, during this battle, if the ATK of the attacking monster is greater than the DEF of the Defense Position monster it battles, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, also Special Summon this card, and if you do, change that monster to face-down Defense Position. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon: You can target 1 monster with 800 ATK and 1000 DEF in your Graveyard, except "Landrobe the Rock Vassal"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Landrobe the Rock Vassal" once per turn.
2 monsters
If this card is added from the Deck to your hand: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it. If this card is added from your GY to your hand by a card effect: You can reveal this card; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Lappis Dragon" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
This monster cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by Tributing "Petit Moth" on the 2nd of your turns after "Petit Moth" has been equipped with "Cocoon of Evolution".
A fast-moving, bird-like creature that strangles opposing monsters with its long, thin arms.
If this card is added from your GY to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card. If this card Summoned this way is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Latency" once per turn.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: If it was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, target 1 Fiend-Type monster on the field; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard, then that target (if any) gains 500 ATK.
A flower whose laugh can confuse the minds of enemies.
All other Cyberse monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
A mechanical spider with rocket launchers capable of random fire.
This card gains 500 ATK for each "Swamp Battleguard" you control.
You can Tribute this face-up Defense Position card to Special Summon 2 Level 3 or lower Dragon-Type monsters: 1 from your hand, and 1 from your Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field by Tributing 2 monsters they control. You cannot Normal Summon/Set the turn you Special Summon this card. During each of your Standby Phases: Take 1000 damage.
When this card is Normal Summoned, if you have a "Laval" monster in your Graveyard other than "Laval Blaster": You can choose a number from 1 to 5, then send that many cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; this card gains 200 ATK for each "Laval" monster sent to the Graveyard to activate this effect.
If you have 3 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "Laval" monsters; Special Summon that target.
If you have 3 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters This card gains effects based on the number of "Laval" monsters in your Graveyard: ● 2+: Once per turn, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster, it can attack once again in a row. ● 3+: If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: All face-up "Laval" monsters you currently control gain 200 ATK for each "Laval" monster in your Graveyard, until the End Phase.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Laval" monster from your Graveyard; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. "Laval Judgment Lord" cannot declare an attack the turn this effect is activated.
If this card is in your Graveyard and you have 3 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard: You can banish this card and 1 other "Laval" monster from your Graveyard to target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If you do, during the End Phase: Send it to the Graveyard. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished FIRE monsters; add that target to your hand.
Up to twice per turn: You can send 1 FIRE monster from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can send 2 "Laval" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard: All "Laval" monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. During either player's turn, when this card is targeted by a card effect: You can banish 1 "Laval" monster from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy the targeting card.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. If this card would be destroyed by a card effect, you can banish 1 "Laval" monster from your Graveyard instead.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard, if you have a "Laval" monster in your Graveyard other than "Laval Volcano Handmaiden": You can send 1 "Laval" monster from your Deck to your Graveyard.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster. You must have 4 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to activate 1 of these effects; ● Send 1 card from your Deck to the Graveyard. ● Choose 1 monster from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters  You can shuffle 2 "Laval" monsters from your Graveyard into your Main Deck to target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters Once per turn: You can add 1 "Laval" monster from your Deck to your hand, then send 1 "Laval" monster from your hand to the Graveyard.
2 Level 3 monsters If this card attacks or is attacked, during the Damage Step (in either player's turn): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card once per battle; this card gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn.
Add 2 of your removed from play Fairy-Type monsters to your hand each time a Counter Trap Card is activated.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Shuffle all cards from your opponent's GY into the Deck. Once per turn, if your opponent draws a card: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Negate the effects of face-up Pendulum Monsters while your opponent controls them.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Pendulum Monster: Destroy both that monster and this card.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "World Chalice" monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 monster from your hand or field to the GY; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Lee the World Challice Fairy" once per turn.
A forbidden left arm sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
A forbidden left leg sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can make this card become Level 3 until the end of this turn. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Righty Driver" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lefty Driver" once per turn.
When this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster and destroys it and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, your opponent returns 1 random card from their hand to their Deck. Their Deck is then shuffled.
You can Tribute this card and 1 Sea Serpent-Type monster; Special Summon 1 "Poseidra, the Atlantean Dragon" from your hand or Deck, then all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 300 ATK.
During each of your Standby Phases: This card gains 700 ATK.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Incandescent Ordeal". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand. Each time you or your opponent activates 1 Spell Card, put 1 Spell Counter on this card. Remove 3 Spell Counters from this card to destroy all monsters on the field except this card.
If this Defense Position card battled a monster, at the end of the Damage Step: Place that monster on the top of the Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Legend of Heart", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; banish that target. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 Trap Card in your Graveyard; Set that target. That Set card can be activated during this turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Legend of Heart", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; banish that target. Once per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 Effect Monster in your Graveyard; until the End Phase of your next turn, this card's name becomes that target's, and replace this effect with that target's original effects.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Legend of Heart", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; banish that target. When this card is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; Set that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing all monsters you control. This card's ATK becomes the combined original ATK of the Tributed monsters. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.
When you Normal or Special Summon a "Secret Six Samurai" monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Legendary Shadow of the Six Samurai" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Level 4 or lower "Six Samurai" monster from your GY; until the end of this turn, this card's Attribute, Level, and ATK/DEF become the banished monster's original Attribute, Level, and ATK/DEF.
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can banish 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field; return that target to the hand. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. While you control 2 or more face-up "Six Samurai" monsters except "Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi", this card gains 500 ATK and DEF.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Six Samurai" monster from your hand. While you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name, this card gains 1500 ATK.
If you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). While you control 2 or more other face-up "Six Samurai" monsters, this card gains 300 ATK and DEF.
If you control a face-up "Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai", you can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, you can Tribute another "Six Samurai" monster to select and destroy 1 card on the field.
1 Warrior-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Six Samurai" monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
If you control a face-up "Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho", you can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Tributed, select 1 "Six Samurai" monster in your Graveyard, and add it to your hand, except "Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai".
This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
During your Main Phase, you can Tribute Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in face-up Attack Position, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Legion the Fiend Jester" once per turn.
You can banish 2 WATER monsters from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Lekunga Token" (Plant-Type/WATER/Level 2/ATK 700/DEF 700) in Attack Position.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Magician Girl" monster, except "Lemon Magician Girl"; add 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if this card is targeted for an attack: You can Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand, but its effects (if any) are negated, then change the attack target to it, and if you do, the attacking monster's ATK becomes half its current ATK.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. The original ATK of a monster equipped with this card becomes 1000, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
A mysterious magician that cloaks itself with a black cape. Its identity is a talking lion beast.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects, except during your Main Phase 2.
Huge monster with a lion's mane similar to the King of Beasts.
If this card battles a non-Normal Monster, this card gains 500 ATK during the Damage Step only.
A territorial electronic monster that guards its own domain.
A minor dragon incapable of breathing fire.
(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.) Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster you control; reduce its Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon this card. This face-up card on the field cannot be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon.
If there are no monsters on the field, you can Normal Summon this card as a Level 2 monster. If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) as a Level 4 monster.
You can send 1 face-up "Umi" you control to the Graveyard; destroy all other cards on the field.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 banished Level 4 or lower monster; Special Summon that target to your side of the field.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Libic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 DARK Fiend-Type monster from your hand, but its effects are negated.
If you Tribute Summon this card, the Tribute must be DARK. If this card is Tributed by a card effect and sent to the GY: Add this card from your GY to your hand.
1 Tuner + "Power Tool Dragon" When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can make your LP become 4000. You take no effect damage. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can banish 1 Equip Spell Card from your Graveyard instead.
When your opponent activates a card's effect that inflicts damage, you can discard this card to negate its activation and destroy it.
Cannot be Special Summoned. While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK-Attribute. Once per Chain, during either player's turn, when a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated: This card loses exactly 500 ATK and DEF and that activation is negated. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard (if possible); destroy all cards you control, also Special Summon that monster (if any).
I am the ruler of all creation sitting atop the supreme throne… let there be light!
2 Level 4 monsters  If a monster(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead. You can only use each of the following effects of "Light Dragon @Ignister" once per turn.  ● You can detach 1 material from this card; destroy face-up monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of "@Ignister" monsters you control.  ● When your other Cyberse monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 Link Monster from your GY.
If you Tribute Summon a LIGHT Normal Monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters At attack declaration, if this card battles another monster: You can have this card lose 500 ATK and DEF (permanently), and the monster this card is battling loses 1500 ATK and DEF until the End Phase.
2 Level 4 WIND monsters If this card is Xyz Summoned: Target 1 Set card your opponent controls; return that target to the bottom of the Deck. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return that target to the top of the Deck.
This massive eel generates huge charges of electricity and unleashes them as thunderbolts.
After a Chain with 3 or more Links resolves, destroy 1 card on your opponent's side of the field. This effect cannot activate if multiple cards/effects with the same name were activated in that Chain.
Neither player can activate Spell Cards during Main Phase 1.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Beast-Type monsters If this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect), you can select 1 "Thunder Unicorn" or "Voltic Bicorn" in your Graveyard and Special Summon it.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card in your opponent's hand.
You can discard this card AND 1 Dragon-Type or WIND monster; Special Summon 1 "Tempest, Dragon Ruler of Storms" from your Deck. It cannot attack this turn. You can only use the effect of "Lightning, Dragon Ruler of Drafts" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard. You can Special Summon this card (from your Graveyard) by sending 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your hand to the Graveyard. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 4 or more LIGHT monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Field Spell Card and 2 other cards on the field; destroy them.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 5 or more LIGHT monsters with different names in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 Set card your opponent controls; reveal that target, then place that target on either the top or bottom of the Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 5 or more LIGHT monsters with different names in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can banish 1 Warrior-Type monster from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. All face-up monsters you control must be Warrior-Type to activate and to resolve this effect.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 Level 5 or higher LIGHT monster. Once per turn: You can discard 1 LIGHT monster; banish 1 LIGHT monster from your Deck.
If 3 or more of your LIGHT monsters are banished, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) while 3 or more of your LIGHT monsters are banished, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 of your banished LIGHT monsters and 1 face-up monster on the field; shuffle the first target into the Deck, and if you do, banish the second target. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
If this card is sent from the hand to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon it from the Graveyard. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
If this card is Normal Summoned, its original ATK becomes 1000. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 DARK monster; reveal 3 Normal Traps from your Deck, your opponent randomly chooses 1 for you to Set on your field, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Lilith, Lady of Lament" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Orbital 7" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. Once per turn: You can Tribute any number of Machine-Type monsters; Special Summon an equal number of "Photon" and/or "Galaxy" monsters from your hand.
If a monster you control battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: The ATK of each monster in that battle becomes equal to their current DEF, until the end of the Damage Step.
1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster  When your opponent activates a Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the effect, and if you do, banish that card. If this card is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "@Ignister" monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Linguriboh" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand; banish 1 random face-down card from your Extra Deck, and if it is a Link Monster, Special Summon this card. Otherwise, discard this card, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Link Apple" once per turn.
2 Cyberse monsters  Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if your monster this card points to attacked an opponent's Link Monster: You can activate this effect; the monster that attacked gains 1 additional attack on an opponent's Link Monster during this Battle Phase for each Link Monster you currently control, except this card. Your monsters (except that monster) cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster  If this card is Special Summoned: You cannot Link Summon Link-3 or higher Link Monsters for the rest of this turn. If this co-linked card is Tributed: You can Special Summon 2 "Link Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Link Devotee" once per turn.
1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster  You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to; draw 1 card, then place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Link Disciple" once per turn.
5 monsters  Must be Link Summoned. If this card is Link Summoned using DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND monsters as material: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls. Unaffected by other cards' effects, also cannot be destroyed by battle with a DARK, EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or WIND monster. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: Banish 5 cards from your GY, face-down. If you cannot, send this card to the GY.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Link Infra-Flier" once per turn this way.
1 Normal Monster  Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your hand to your zone this card points to.
When a Cyberse monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Data Token" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Link Streamer" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect. When you Link Summon: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, place 2 counters on it. If a monster is Link Summoned: Remove 2 of these counters from this card (or all, if less than 2). Once per turn, during each Standby Phase: Place 1 of these counters on this card. No monster can be Link Summoned unless this card has at least as many of these counters as that monster's Link Rating. Monsters cannot attack, except Link Monsters.
2 monsters  Cannot be Link Summoned, unless you have 3 or more cards in your Extra Deck than your opponent does.
2+ monsters, including a Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster  If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster you control or in your GY; all monsters your opponent currently controls lose ATK equal to the targeted monster's, until the end of this turn. Your opponent cannot target monsters you control that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck with monster effects. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster from your GY instead.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can discard up to 2 cards, then target that many Spell/Trap Cards on the field; destroy them.
1 Level 1 Monster  When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Tribute this card; change that opponent's monster's ATK to 0, until the end of this turn. If this card is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 Level 1 monster; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Linkuriboh" once per turn.
While you control a Reptile-Type monster (other than this card), if a Reptile-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
When this card declares an attack: Its ATK becomes half its original ATK until the end of the Damage Step.
A liquid life form that thrives on water.
A creature with sapphire eyes that mesmerizes and confuses enemies.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Litmus Doom Ritual". It is unaffected by Trap effects and cannot be destroyed by battle. Gains 3000 ATK/DEF while a Trap is on the field. If this Ritual Summoned card in its owner's control is destroyed by your opponent's card: You can target 1 Trap in either GY; Set it to your Spell & Trap Zone.
All FIRE monsters on the field gain 500 ATK. All WATER monsters on the field lose 400 ATK.
Yo, this tyrannosaurus tot's got a terrible temper.
Up to twice per turn: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; increase this card's Level by 1.
If this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can change the battle position of this card.
A living vase that bites enemies and blinds them with a blast of its flower.
A beast soldier derived from dragons, it is small for a Dragon-Type. Moving very quickly, this monster is an excellent strategist.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster you control, except this card; Special Summon 1 "Nordic" monster from your hand with a Level less than or equal to that face-up monster's Level.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 Level 1 Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. Its effects are negated.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Attack Position, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle this turn. When an effect of a monster your opponent controls is activated that targets 1 Cyberse monster you control (and no other cards) (Quick Effect): You can negate the effects of both that Cyberse monster you control and that opponent's monster until the end of this turn.
1 "Genex" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner DARK monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, take control of the face-up monster your opponent controls with the highest Level. (If it's a tie, you get to choose.)
1 "Nordic Alfar" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card during your Battle Phase: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it (this is a Quick Effect). During the End Phase, if this face-up card you controlled was destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard this turn: You can banish 1 "Nordic Alfar" Tuner monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card. When Summoned this way: You can target 1 Trap Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 face-up Plant-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster from your Deck.
2+ Effect Monsters, including an "Orcust" monster  This linked card cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can target 2 of your banished Machine monsters; shuffle them into the Deck, then you can send 1 linked monster your opponent controls to the GY. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Longirsu, the Orcust Orchestrator" once per turn.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, select and activate 1 of these effects: ● You can attack once again in a row. ● Select and destroy 1 Set card on the field. ● Special Summon 1 "Multi Token" (Machine-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1200/DEF 1200).
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, if a monster(s) with ATK higher than this card is Special Summoned to your opponent's field (except during the Damage Step): You can make this card gain 700 ATK until the end of this turn.
Dragon-Type monsters on the field cannot be targeted by card effects.
This spirit emerges from the mystic lamp and obeys the wishes of its summoner.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Red-Eyes Transmigration". Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated, except "Lord of the Red": You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated, except "Lord of the Red": You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.
A wicked entity that manipulates enemies towards a path of destruction.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Lord Poison"; Special Summon that target.
If there is another face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster on the field: You can Tribute this card to target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
The original DEF of this card equals the number of your banished Rock-Type monsters × 700.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 FIRE and 1 WIND monster from your GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Loud Cloud the Storm Serpent" once per turn.  ● You can banish 1 FIRE monster from your GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that monster, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK.  ● You can banish 1 WIND monster from your GY, then target 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; destroy it.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard, then, if it was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, you can Special Summon 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to either side of the field.
You can banish 1 Level 5 or higher monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon: You can look at all Set cards your opponent controls. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. You can only use each effect of "Lucius the Shadow Vassal" once per turn.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
This creature may look slim and weak, but it's protected by a mystical force.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Level 4 or lower "Lightsworn" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand or GY, then target 1 of your banished "Lightsworn" monsters, except "Lumina, Twilightsworn Shaman"; Special Summon it. Once per turn, if your other "Lightsworn" monster's effect is activated: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
If this card battles a DARK monster, increase the ATK of this card by 500 points during the Damage Step only.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 DARK monster from your GY. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
You can discard this card, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Add 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Graveyard to your hand, except "Lunalight Black Sheep". ● Add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can add to your hand, 1 face-up "Lunalight" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck or 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Graveyard, except "Lunalight Black Sheep".
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Lunalight" monster you control, except "Lunalight Blue Cat"; its ATK becomes double its original ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Blue Cat" once per turn. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Deck.
2 "Lunalight" monsters Cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can Tribute 1 other "Lunalight" monster; for the rest of this turn, the first time each monster your opponent controls would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed, also this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, twice each, this turn. If this card declares an attack: Inflict 100 damage to your opponent.
If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. When a card or effect is activated that targets a "Lunalight" monster you control (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your GY; negate the activation, and if you do, each player gains 1000 LP.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Lunalight" card from your hand to the GY, and if you do, draw 1 card. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 of your "Lunalight" monsters that is banished or in your GY, except "Lunalight Emerald Bird"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. You can only use each effect of "Lunalight Emerald Bird" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY; the name of this face-up card on the field can be treated as the sent monster's, if used as Fusion Material this turn. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target 1 "Polymerization" in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Kaleido Chick" once per turn. If this card is banished: You can activate this effect; this turn, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated during the Battle Phase.
"Lunalight Panther Dancer" + 2 "Lunalight" monsters Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be targeted, or destroyed by, your opponent's card effects. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a monster: You can destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls.
"Lunalight Cat Dancer" + 1 "Lunalight" monster Must first be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Materials. Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, the first time each monster your opponent controls would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed, also this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, twice each, this turn. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: This card gains 200 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
You can send this card from your hand or field to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Lunalight" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Lunalight" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Purple Butterfly" once per turn.
3 "Lunalight" monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. Gains 200 ATK for each Beast-Warrior monster that is banished or in the GYs. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Fusion Monster you control; it gains 3000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Sabre Dancer" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 "Lunalight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack, its effects are negated, also it is destroyed during the End Phase.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Lunalight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Tiger" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Lunalight" monster in your Graveyard, except "Lunalight White Rabbit"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can target Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls, up to the number of other "Lunalight" cards you control; return them to the hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Lunalight" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 "Lunalight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or Graveyard.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If a "Lunalight" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If this card is in your hand or GY: You can target 1 "Lunalight" card you control, except "Lunalight Yellow Marten"; return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can add 1 "Lunalight" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Lunalight Yellow Marten" once per turn.
A lovely creature guarded by the moon. Her lunar curtain can block just about any attack.
A very beautiful dragon covered with sapphire. It does not like fights, but has incredibly high attack power.
This dragon feeds on emerald. Enchanted by this monster even when attacked, few people live to tell of its beauty.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have a card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy that card, and if you do, add 1 card from your Deck to your hand, with the same name as that card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot Special Summon Fusion, Synchro or Xyz Monsters using this card as a Material, except "Dracoslayer" monsters.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Synthesis Spell". When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each Normal Monster in your Graveyard.
You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; this card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, also change this card you control from face-up Attack Position to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, destroy that target. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand or GY, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it. Once per turn, if your other "Lightsworn" monster's effect is activated: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
FLIP: Take control of 1 LIGHT monster your opponent controls, while this card is face-up on the field.
2 or more Level 1 monsters  This card gains 200 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. This card can attack directly. While this card has Xyz Material, it can attack a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of Xyz Material attached to it. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; until the end of this turn, "Lyrilusc" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also you take no battle damage.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 Level 1 Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lyrilusc - Cobalt Sparrow" once per turn. A WIND Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.
"Lyrilusc - Assembled Nightingale" + 1 "Lyrilusc" monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned using an Xyz Monster on the field as Fusion Material whose original name includes "Lyrilusc": You can increase this card's Level by the number of Xyz Materials that monster(s) had. This card gains ATK equal to its Level x 500. Unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per turn: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card's Level x 500.
2+ Level 1 monsters  If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 300 ATK/DEF for each material attached to this card. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; add 1 Level 1 Winged Beast monster from your Deck to your hand. All battle damage you take from battles involving this Xyz Summoned card is also inflicted to your opponent.
If you control a Winged Beast-Type monster: You can Special Summon both this card and 1 Level 1 Winged Beast-Type monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Lyrilusc - Sapphire Swallow" once per turn. A WIND Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● If it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Lyrilusc" monster in your Graveyard; attach it to this card as Xyz Material.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: You can Special Summon 1 "Lyrilusc" monster from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Lyrilusc - Turquoise Warbler" once per turn.
Specializing in combination attacks, this warrior uses magnetism to block an enemy's escape.
Specializing in combination attacks, this warrior is equipped with a tough, magnetically coated armor.
2 Level 3 monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 EARTH Warrior or Beast-Warrior monster from your Deck, in Defense Position, but destroy it during the End Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster and 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can declare 3 card names; excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, add any of them that you named to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the Graveyard. This card's ATK and DEF each become equal to the number of cards added to your hand by this effect × 1000.
This cannon-like creature fires eyeballs so fast they can't be seen.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending one or more Machine-Type monsters from your hand to the Graveyard. This card gains 800 ATK for each card sent to the Graveyard for this Special Summon.
FLIP: Add 1 "Commander Covington" from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Commander Covington", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You must pay 1000 Life Points to declare an attack with this card. You can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to target 1 "Machina Soldier", "Machina Sniper", and "Machina Defender" in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets.
You can discard Machine monster(s) whose total Levels equal 8 or more, then Special Summon this card (from your hand or GY). If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Before resolving an opponent's monster effect that targets this face-up card, look at your opponent's hand and discard 1 card from their hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Machina" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Machina Gearframe". Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Machina" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Machina Megaform". If a face-up "Machina Fortress" you control is sent to the Graveyard, while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can banish that "Machina Fortress" from the Graveyard; Special Summon this card. You can only use 1 "Machina Megaform" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Union monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. (A monster can only by equipped with 1 Union monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
"Machina" monsters cannot be attacked, except "Machina Sniper".
When this card is Normal Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Machina" monster from your hand, except "Machina Soldier".
This machine, created to lead charges into enemy territory, mows down enemies by rushing.
This card gains 100 ATK for each Machine-Type monster on the field.
This card gains 100 ATK and DEF for each Machine-Type monster on the field, except this card.
This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. If this card attacks or is attacked, your opponent takes no battle damage.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: Change it to Defense Position.
He used to be a normal dog who played around in a park, but was corrupted by the powers of darkness.
A gourmet food renowned by the Dark World upper crust. It has sensational flavor.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Send 2 cards from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 2 cards.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
A living weapon that spits projectiles.
If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your Deck, but shuffle it into the Deck during the End Phase of your next turn. You can only use this effect of "Madolche Anjelly" once per turn. That Special Summoned monster cannot be destroyed by battle.
If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 Attack Position "Madolche" monster you control and 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; if both monsters are still on the field, change them to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, the ones changed by this effect cannot have their battle positions changed until the end of your opponent's next turn.
When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. There must be another face-up "Madolche" monster on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. Once per turn, when the battle position of a "Madolche" monster(s) you control is changed (and is now face-up), while this card is face-up on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, unless it is a "Madolche" monster, it cannot attack, also its effects are negated.
When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. Your opponent cannot target face-up "Madolche" monsters you control for attacks, except "Madolche Chouxvalier".
When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up "Madolche" card you control, except this card; return it to the hand, and if you do, increase this card's Level by 1 and ATK by 300.
2 "Madolche" monsters  While this card points to a "Madolche" monster, "Madolche" Spells/Traps you control cannot be destroyed by card effects, also neither player can target them with card effects. If this card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can shuffle 1 "Madolche" monster from your GY into the Deck instead.
When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard; banish it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your Deck, except "Madolche Hootcake". You can only use this effect of "Madolche Hootcake" once per turn.
When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 "Madolche" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. When this card is flipped face-up: You can target 1 "Madolche" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. When this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Madolche" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You must control a face-up Beast-Type "Madolche" monster to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into your Deck. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your hand.
If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your GY: Shuffle this card into the Deck. You can only use each of the following effects of "Madolche Petingcessoeur" once per turn.  ● If you have no monsters in your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Madolche Petingcessoeur", and if you do, reduce its Level by 1, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Madolche" monsters.
If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Shuffle this card into the Deck. While you have no monsters in your Graveyard, this card gains 800 ATK and DEF. After damage calculation, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
2 Level 5 EARTH monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 4 or lower "Madolche" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn: You can target 1 "Madolche" card in your Graveyard; shuffle it into the Deck. While this card has "Madolche Puddingcess" as Xyz Material, when a "Madolche" card(s) in your Graveyard is shuffled into the Main Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Madolche" monster from your Deck in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position.
2 Level 4 "Madolche" monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target up to 2 "Madolche" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle those cards into the Deck, also, after that, shuffle cards your opponent controls into the Deck, up to the number of "Madolche" cards returned.
2 Level 4 "Madolche" monsters  (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Madolche" monster on the field; that face-up monster is unaffected by other monsters' effects this turn. If a "Madolche" card(s) is sent to your GY while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can shuffle up to 2 cards from the GYs into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Madolche Teacher Glassouffle" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position. If a "Djinn" Xyz Monster you control would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from that monster instead.
2 Level 6 Spellcaster-Type monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and banish 1 card from your hand, then activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase. ● Target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon it to your field.
When your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand, except by drawing them (except during the Damage Step): You can send that card(s) to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster you control. Its ATK is halved until the End Phase, and it can attack your opponent directly this turn. During the turn you activate this effect, only the selected monster can attack.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. Once per turn: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. This card gains 100 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; add 1 Level 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During each of your End Phases: Gain 600 LP for each Psychic-Type monster you currently control.
This card is unaffected by monsters' activated effects, except Pendulum Monsters'.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 2 Spell Counters on this card when that Spell Card resolves. Once per turn: You can remove any number of Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard whose Level is equal to the number of Spell Counters you removed.
This creature casts a spell of terror and confusion just before attacking its enemies.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a DARK Synchro Monster. If you control a Tuner monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 other monster you control or in your Graveyard; until the end of this turn, this card's Level becomes the same as that monster's, also you cannot Special Summon, except by Synchro Summon.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. This card gains 200 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. You can remove 2 Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
FLIP: Excavate cards from the top of your Deck until you excavate a Spell/Trap Card. Add that card to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the Graveyard.
You can Tribute Summon this card face-up by Tributing 1 "Magical Musket" monster. During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards you activated this turn while this card was face-up on your field. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musket Mastermind Zakiel" once per turn.
During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card's column: You can target 1 "Magical Musket" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Calamity" once per turn.
During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card's column: You can add 1 "Magical Musket" card from your Deck to your hand, but not a card with the same name as that activated card. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Caspar" once per turn.
During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card's column: You can add 1 "Magical Musket" card from your GY to your hand, but not a card with the same name as that activated card. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Doc" once per turn.
During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card's column: You can discard 1 "Magical Musket" card; draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Kidbrave" once per turn.
1 Level 8 or lower "Magical Musket" monster  During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If this card is Link Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects;  ● Add "Magical Musket" Spells/Traps with different names from your Deck to your hand, up to the number of monsters your opponent controls.  ● Special Summon "Magical Musket" monsters with different names from your Deck, up to the number of Spells/Traps your opponent controls.  You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Max" once per turn.
During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card's column: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Magical Musket" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Magical Musketeer Starfire". You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Starfire" once per turn.
During either player's turn, you can activate "Magical Musket" Spell/Trap Cards from your hand. If a Spell/Trap Card is activated in this card's column: You can target 3 "Magical Musket" cards in your GY; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Magical Musketeer Wild" once per turn.
FLIP: Place 1 Spell Counter on each face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● Your opponent takes all Battle Damage that you would have taken from a battle involving this card.
Pay 1000 Life Points to Special Summon 1 level 6 or lower Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck in face-up Attack or Defense Position. That Fusion Monster cannot attack your opponent's Life Points directly, and is returned to your Extra Deck at the end of the turn.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. This card's Level is increased by the number of Spell Counters on this card. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 Quick-Play Spell Card in your Graveyard; Set that card to your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "Magical Something" once per turn.
FLIP: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can declare a Level from 1 to 6, then target 2 face-up monsters you control; until the end of this turn, reduce the Level of 1 monster by the declared Level, and if you do, increase the Level of the other monster by the declared Level. You can only use this effect of "Magicalibra" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A sentient scale. It maintains the balance of the world, but often gets mistakenly used as a mace.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Spellcaster-Type Synchro Monster, you can return 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Black Magic Ritual".
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". You can only use each of these effects of "Magician of Black Chaos MAX" once per turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can Tribute 1 monster; for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate monster effects.  ● When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Spell in your GY; add it to your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Chaos Form". This card's name becomes "Dark Magician" while on the field or in the GY. Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or its effect, is activated (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this Ritual Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Chaos" or "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster from your hand, except "Magician of Chaos", ignoring its Summoning conditions.
This card's name becomes "Dark Magician" while it is on the field. You can only use each of these effects of "Magician of Dark Illusion" once per turn. ● During your opponent's turn, if you activate a Spell/Trap Card or effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● If you activate a Spell/Trap Card or effect while this card is face-up on your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "Dark Magician" in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
FLIP: Target 1 Spell in your GY; add that target to your hand.
During your opponent's turn: You can discard 1 Spell/Trap Card; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your Deck (this is a Quick Effect). During your opponent's turn, if you activate a Spell/Trap Card or effect while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Magician's Robe" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, that specifically lists the card "Dark Magician" in its text. During your opponent's turn, if you activate a Spell/Trap Card or effect while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Tribute 1 Spellcaster-Type monster; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Magician's Rod" once per turn.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up Spellcaster-Type monsters for attacks, except this one.
If this card is in your hand: You can send 1 Level 6 or higher Spellcaster monster from your Deck to the GY to activate 1 of these effects;  ● Special Summon this card.  ● Send this card to the GY, then you can Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" or 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your GY.  You can send up to 2 Spells/Traps from your hand and/or field to the GY; draw the same number of cards you sent to the GY.  You can only use each effect of "Magician's Souls" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Spellcaster-Type monster, you can select and add 1 Field Spell Card from your Graveyard to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon both this card from your Pendulum Zone and 1 face-up monster that you can place a Spell Counter on from your Extra Deck, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on each of them.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card declares an attack: You can place 1 Spell Counter on it. Once per opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon 1 monster that you can place a Spell Counter on from your Deck. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone, then place Spell Counters on this card equal to the number of Spell Counters that were on this card. You can only Special Summon "Magister of Endymion(s)" once per turn.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Wyrm-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Magma Dragon"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Magma Dragon" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except Wyrm-Type monsters.
If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: It gains 200 ATK.
You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell Card you control to the Graveyard to destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.
When a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then send 1 monster on the field to the GY. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Magnarokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Magnarokket Dragon" once per turn.
FLIP: Destroy all face-up Machine-Type monsters on the field.
This card gains 500 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to this card.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up, look at 1 card on the top of your Deck during your next Draw Phase (before you draw), and return the card to the top or the bottom of your Deck.
FLIP: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.  Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
Once per turn: You can Normal Summon 1 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monster from your hand, except "Mahunder", as an additional Normal Summon.
Each time this card destroys a monster by battle, place 1 Spell Counter on this card. This card gains 200 ATK for every Spell Counter on it.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, the field is treated as "Umi" (however there is no increasing or decreasing of ATK/DEF due to "Umi"'s effect). If there is an active Field Spell Card on the field, this effect is not applied.
A sorcerer blessed by lunar light with powers far beyond mortal comprehension.
When this card is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack, and if you do, change the battle position of this card, then you can Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard. You can only use 1 "Maiden with Eyes of Blue" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Majespecter" card from your Deck to your hand during the End Phase of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Cat - Nekomata" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Majespecter" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Crow - Yata" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Majespecter" Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Fox - Kyubi" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Majespecter" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Raccoon - Bunbuku" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Set 1 "Majespecter" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck, but it cannot activate this turn. You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Toad - Ogama" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
During either player's turn: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster in your Monster Zone and 1 monster your opponent controls; return them to the hand(s). You can only use this effect of "Majespecter Unicorn - Kirin" once per turn. Cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
2 Level 4 Pendulum Monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand during the End Phase of this turn. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 face-up "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, but it cannot be used as an Xyz Material for a Summon.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Majestic" monster.
You can Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card with 1 Tribute. If Summoned this way, during the End Phase: Send it to the Graveyard. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If you do, during the End Phase: Send it to the Graveyard.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Draw 1 card. During the End Phase of the turn this card was Summoned: Send it to the Graveyard.
"Majestic Dragon" + "Red Dragon Archfiend" + 1 non-Tuner monster Cannot be destroyed by card effects. After damage calculation, if this card attacks: Destroy all Defense Position monsters on the field. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to that monster's ATK. These changes last until the end of this turn. During the End Phase: Target 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" in your Graveyard; return this card from the field to the Extra Deck, then Special Summon that target.
"Majestic Dragon" + "Stardust Dragon" + 1 non-Tuner monster During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect: You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy all cards your opponent controls. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn, and you can activate 1 of its effects as this card's effect once this turn. During the End Phase: Target 1 "Stardust Dragon" in your Graveyard; return this card from the field to the Extra Deck, then Special Summon that target.
To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute a Continuous Spell/Trap Card you control, instead of a monster. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect while you control this Tribute Summoned monster: You can add 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Monster effects cannot be activated.
Each time a Beast-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed, this card gains 500 ATK.
Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target while they control any Spell/Trap Cards. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Special Summoned, except by its own effect. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon, during your next Standby Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck during the turn you activate this effect.
The ATK of this card becomes equal to the combined original ATK of the 2 monsters you Tributed for the Tribute Summon of this card.
During the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard, you can activate Trap Cards from your hand.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Good & Evil in the Burning Abyss". Must be Ritual Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can send 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, that target loses ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of the "Burning Abyss" monster sent to the Graveyard this way. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; send it to the Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your Deck. There can only be 1 "Malefic" monster on the field. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 1 "Cyber End Dragon" from your Extra Deck. There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card.
"Malefic Parallel Gear" + 1 non-Tuner "Malefic" monster When this card is Synchro Summoned, you can select 1 Synchro Monster in either player's Graveyard, and Special Summon it. There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic Paradox Dragon" on the field. If "Malefic World" is not face-up on the field, destroy this card.
If a Field Spell is face-up on the field: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Malefic Parallel Gear" from your Deck, then add 1 "Malefic" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Malefic Paradox Gear". If you would banish a monster to Special Summon a "Malefic" monster from your hand using its own procedure, you can banish this card from your field or GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Malefic Paradox Gear" once per turn.
When using this card as a Synchro Material Monster, the other Synchro Material Monster is 1 "Malefic" monster in your hand.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned, except by removing from play 1 "Rainbow Dragon" from your hand or Deck. There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned, by removing from play 1 "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" from your Deck. There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Stardust Dragon" from your Extra Deck and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field. Face-up Field Spell Cards cannot be destroyed by effects. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If a "Malefic" monster you control, except "Malefic Truth Dragon", is destroyed by battle or by card effect: You can pay half your Life Points; Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. There can only be 1 "Malefic" monster on the field. If there is no face-up Field Spell Card on the field, destroy this card. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If you do, during the End Phase: Send it to the Graveyard, then take damage equal to its ATK in the Graveyard. This card must be the only Zombie-Type monster on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
During your opponent's Standby Phase, send 1 card from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard for each "Malice Ascendant" in your Graveyard.
During your next Standby Phase after this card was sent from the field to the Graveyard by the effect of a Continuous Spell Card: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
You can send 1 other Fiend-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Malicevorous" monster in your Graveyard except "Malicevorous Knife"; Special Summon that target.
When a "Malicevorous" monster with a different name is Normal or Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Level 2 Fiend-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. Its effects are negated. You can only use the effect of "Malicevorous Spoon" once per turn.
A mammoth that protects the graves of its pack and is absolutely merciless when facing grave-robbers.
After a Chain (of 2 or more Links) resolves, this card gains 500 ATK.
Man-eating plant with poison feelers for attacking enemies.
FLIP: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
"Sea Kamen" + "Gruesome Goo" + "Amazon of the Seas"
A meat-eating plant that is attractive to the eye but dangerous when approached.
A monster disguised as a treasure chest that is known to attack the unwary adventurer.
By Tributing 1 Normal Monster (except a Token) on your side of the field, inflict 800 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
If a Spell/Trap you control leaves the field because of an opponent's effect, and is now in the GY or banished (except during the Damage Step: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when that Spell/Trap left) or hand (even if not), then you can Set 1 Spell/Trap that is banished or in your GY to your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of “Mana Dragon Zirnitron” once per turn. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.
This mandragora harbors the soul of a sorrowful dragon. The cursed tones of its wailing cause both fear and despair.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Cannot be Special Summoned unless you control a face-up "Toon World". Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing the same number of monsters needed for a Tribute Summon (normally 2). This card cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 Life Points to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. This card can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon Monster. If they do control one, this card must target a Toon Monster for its attacks.
Once per turn during your opponent's Standby Phase, you can remove from play any number of DARK monsters from your Graveyard. This monster gains 500 DEF for each monster you removed, until the End Phase.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
During the End Phase of the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can send to the Graveyard 1 Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster from your hand or your side of the field; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.
When using this card as Synchro Material, the other Synchro Materials must be 2 "Nordic" monsters in your hand.
Your opponent cannot target Warrior monsters for attacks, except this one. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand.
You can only control 1 "Mardell, Generaider Boss of Light". If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Generaider" card, or 1 Plant monster, from your Deck to your hand, except "Mardell, Generaider Boss of Light". You can only use this effect of "Mardell, Generaider Boss of Light" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned, except by the effect of a Wyrm-Type monster. During your Main Phase: You can reduce this card's Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Mini Mare Mare Token" (Wyrm-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 300/DEF 200). You can only use this effect of "Mare Mare" up to thrice per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can destroy 2 other monsters in your hand and/or face-up on your field, including a WIND monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, and both destroyed monsters were WIND, you can also banish exactly 4 cards from the top of your opponent's Deck. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can add 1 non-WIND Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Mariamne, the True Dracophoenix" once per turn.
If exactly 1 other Plant-Type monster you control (and no other cards) is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
1 Level 4 or lower "Marincess" monster  You can only Link Summon "Marincess Blue Slug(s)" once per turn. If this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 "Marincess" monster in your GY, except "Marincess Blue Slug"; add it to your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Marincess" monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Marincess Blue Tang". If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Link Summon of a WATER monster: You can excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 excavated "Marincess" card to your hand, also shuffle the rest into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Marincess Blue Tang" once per turn.
2 WATER monster  You can target 1 WATER monster with 1500 or less ATK in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can target 1 "Marincess" card in your GY, except "Marincess Coral Anemone"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Marincess Coral Anemone" once per turn.
During damage calculation, if a monster battles another monster (Quick Effect): You can send 1 other "Marincess" monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, the damage you take from that battle is halved. At the start of the Damage Step, if an opponent's monster attacks: You can banish this card from your GY; this turn, you never take battle damage if the amount is less than or equal to the total Link Rating of all "Marincess" Link Monsters in your GY x 1000. You can only use each effect of "Marincess Crown Tail" once per turn.
2 WATER monsters  While this card is in the Extra Monster Zone, it is unaffected by your opponent's monster effects. If this card battles an opponent's monster, that opponent's monster is unaffected by card effects, except its own, during the Damage Step only. When this card, or your "Marincess" Link Monster this card points to, is targeted for an attack: You can send 1 "Marincess" monster from your hand to the GY; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle, also you take no battle damage from that battle.
If you control 2 or more "Marincess" monsters, while this card is in your hand or GY: You can target 1 WATER Link Monster you control; Special Summon this card to your zone that monster points to, but banish this card when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Marincess Mandarin" once per turn.
2+ WATER monsters  You can target 1 "Marincess" card in your GY, except "Marincess Marbled Rock"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Marincess Marbled Rock" once per turn. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can send 1 "Marincess" monster from your hand to the GY; monsters cannot be destroyed by that battle, also you take no battle damage from that battle.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 “Marincess” monster from your hand in Defense Position, except “Marincess Pascals”. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 “Marincess” Spell/Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Marincess Pascalus" once per turn.
1 Level 4 or lower "Marincess" monster  You can only Link Summon "Marincess Sea Angel(s)" once per turn. If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Marincess" Spell from your Deck to your hand.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your zone a "Marincess" Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "Marincess Sea Horse" once per turn this way. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 WATER monster from your hand to your zone a "Marincess" Link Monster points to. You can only use this effect of "Marincess Sea Horse" once per turn.
You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 "Marincess" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn. You can use this effect of "Marincess Sea Star" up to twice per turn.
2+ WATER monsters  Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card battles a monster (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Marincess" monster you control that is equipped to this card, also this card cannot be destroyed by that battle, and you take no battle damage from that battle. During the End Phase, equip the monster that was Special Summoned by this effect to this card. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 Link-3 or lower "Marincess" monster from your GY.
"Water Magician" + "Behegon"
You can discard this card to the Graveyard to take control of 1 face-up Fiend or Zombie-Type monster your opponent controls until the End Phase this turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can shuffle 1 card from your hand into the Deck, then draw 1 card, then you can Special Summon it if it is a monster.
If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon up to 2 other "Marshmacaron" from your hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Marshmacaron" once per turn.
Cannot be destroyed by battle. After damage calculation, if this card was attacked, and was face-down at the start of the Damage Step: The attacking player takes 1000 damage.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Tuner in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Martial Metal Marcher" once per turn. A Synchro Monster that used this card as material is treated as a Tuner while face-up on the field.
You can only activate this card's effect during your opponent's turn. When your opponent activates a Spell Card, Tribute this face-up card to negate the activation of the Spell Card and destroy it.
Legendary swordmaster Masaki is a veteran of over 100 battles.
FLIP: Target 1 Trap Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 2 monsters, including at least 1 "Grand Tiki Elder" or "Melchid the Four-Face Beast". When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, equip 1 "The Mask of Remnants" from your Deck to 1 monster on the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned if you control a Level 5 or higher monster. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 monster with 0 DEF in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. Its effects are negated. You cannot Special Summon any other monsters, except from the Extra Deck, during the turn you activate this effect.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.
This warrior's fatal dance is performed with a lethal sickle.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls, and if you do, all monsters they control lose 300 ATK.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack your opponent directly, but when it does so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Change" Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Masked HERO Anki" once per turn.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its current ATK. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Any card sent to your opponent's Graveyard is banished instead. Once per turn, if your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand (except during the Draw Phase or the Damage Step): You can banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "HERO" monster from your Deck.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by battle. Your opponent can attack with only 1 monster during each Battle Phase. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can draw 1 card.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 100 ATK for each "HERO" monster in your Graveyard.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can banish 1 "HERO" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target loses ATK equal to the ATK of the monster banished to activate this effect, until the end of this turn.
Must be Special Summoned with "Mask Change", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Once per turn, if you control a face-up "Ninja" monster other than "Masked Ninja Ebisu", you can activate this effect: Return a number of your opponent's Spell/Trap Cards to the hand, equal to the number of "Ninja" monsters you control, also every face-up "Goe Goe the Gallant Ninja" you control can attack your opponent directly this turn.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, draw 1 card from your Deck.
A deadly duo consisting of a beast master and its loyal servant.
During either player's Damage Step, when a face-up monster you control is attacking or being attacked: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster gains 300 ATK until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, you can pay 1000 Life Points to destroy monsters your opponent controls equal to the number of face-up Psychic-Type monsters you control.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 "The Agent" monster from your hand, field, or Graveyard. Once per turn: You can banish 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target. While "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, you can activate this effect up to twice per turn.
A wandering Kyonshee searching for a strong rival to defeat. They say he was known as the master of all martial arts.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 "Monk Fighter". This card can attack twice during the same turn.
"Big Koala" + "Des Kangaroo"
When a monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field, except "Master of the Flaming Dragonswords": You can increase that monster's Level by 1, and this card gains 300 ATK until the End Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Dracoslayer" monster and 1 "Dracoverlord" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" monster and 1 "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck.
To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute Continuous Spell/Trap Card(s) you control, as well as monsters. Unaffected by the effects of cards with the same card type (Monster, Spell, and/or Trap) as the original card type of the cards Tributed for its Tribute Summon. Once per turn, during either player's turn, if you control this Tribute Summoned monster: You can banish 1 Continuous Spell/Trap Card from your Graveyard, then target 1 other card on the field; destroy it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone: You can target 1 card in a Pendulum Zone; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  "Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer" continues his journey to uncover the secrets of Dragon Alchemy, believing it is the key to dispelling his curse and restoring his memory. His power continues to grow... perhaps the same power used by the Dracofiends?
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 1 LIGHT Tuner monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can shuffle this card from your Graveyard into the Deck, then target 1 Effect Monster you control; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your Graveyard, other than the sent monster. You can only use this effect of "Master with Eyes of Blue" once per turn.
2 Fiend monsters  Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, pay 500 LP or destroy this card. Once per Chain, if you pay LP (except during the Damage Step): You can send 1 Fiend monster from your Deck to the GY with ATK or DEF equal to the amount paid. Once per Chain, if a Fiend monster(s) is sent to your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can roll a six-sided die, then apply this effect on 1 of those monsters based on the result.  ● 1: Add it to your hand.  ● 2, 3, 4, 5: Shuffle into the Deck.  ● 6: Special Summon it.
This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. Control of this face-up card on the field cannot switch.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Deck to the GY. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can draw 1 card.
You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters, also Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, that monster gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. This card cannot attack during the turn it was Special Summoned by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Mathmech Addion" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster you control in the Extra Monster Zone; Special Summon up to 1 Level 4 Cyberse monster each from your hand and GY. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; halve its ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Mathmech Division" once per turn.
2+ Level 4 monsters  If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can detach 2, 3, or 4 materials from this card; apply this effect, depending on the number detached.  ● 2: Add 1 "Mathmech" card from your Deck to your hand.  ● 3: Add 1 Level 4 monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● 4: Add 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.  You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Mathmech" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Mathmech Editor d'Alembertian" once per turn.
3 Level 4 monsters  If a "Mathmech" card(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead. If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can detach up to 3 materials from this card, then activate the same number of the following effects;  ● Send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the GY.  ● Send 1 monster your opponent controls to the GY.  ● Send 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls to the GY.  You can only use this effect of "Mathmech Editor Laplacian" once per turn.
You can target 1 Level 4 Cyberse monster you control; it becomes Level 8 until the end of this turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 Cyberse monster you control in the Extra Monster Zone; double its ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Mathmech Multiplier" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 Cyberse monster; Special Summon 1 "Mathmech" monster from your Deck. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 Cyberse monster you control in the Extra Monster Zone; it can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn. You can only use each effect of "Mathmech Nabla" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  While this card is in the Extra Monster Zone, it is unaffected by card effects, except "Mathmech" cards. If this card in the Extra Monster Zone battles an opponent's monster, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 "Mathmech" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mathmech Processor Final Sigma" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy them. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 "Mathmech" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Mathmech Processor Magma" once per turn.
If you control no monsters in the Extra Monster Zone, while this card is in your hand or GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters. You can only use this effect of "Mathmech Sigma" once per turn. If this card you control is used as Synchro Material for a "Mathmech" monster, you can treat it as a non-Tuner.
You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters, also Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, that monster loses 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. This card cannot attack during the turn it was Special Summoned by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Mathmech Subtra" once per turn.
You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Nephthys" monster in your GY, except "Matriarch of Nephthys"; destroy 1 card in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon the targeted monster in Defense Position, but negate its effects. During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card from the GY. You can only use each effect of "Matriarch of Nephthys" once per turn.
"Tyhone" + "Wings of Wicked Flame"
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, this card gains 400 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, until your next Standby Phase: this card becomes Level 2 and its original ATK and DEF are halved.
When this card is Tribute Summoned: Roll a six-sided die, and this card gains ATK equal to the result x 200.
During either player's turn: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; this turn, each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), immediately draw 1 card. You can only use 1 "Maxx "C"" per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When a "Yosenju" monster you control declares an attack: You can have that attacking monster gain 300 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be Special Summoned, except by Pendulum Summon. This card's Pendulum Summon cannot be negated. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards on the field; return them to the hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 "Yosenju" card in your Pendulum Zone; its Pendulum Scale becomes 11 until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Yosenju" monsters (even if this card leaves the field). During your End Phase: Return this card to the hand. You can only use each Pendulum Effect of "Mayosenju Hitot" once per turn.  ------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be Special Summoned, except by Pendulum Summon. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. Each time another card(s) on the field is returned to the hand or Deck by your card effect while this card is on the field: All "Yosenju" monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 face-up "Warrior of Zera" on your side of the field while "Pandemonium" is on the field. If "Pandemonium" is on your side of the field when you Special Summon this card, your opponent discards 3 random cards from their hand. If "Pandemonium" is not on your side of the field, this effect is not applied.
A mechanized bass with a large mouth and a cannon on its back. The cannon fires blinding plasma rays.
This creature attacks by launching missile-like arms.
When this card is flipped face-up, select 1 card on the field and inflict 500 damage to its controller. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Mecha Bunny" from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your Graveyard, except "Mecha Phantom Beast Aerosguin"; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
When this card declares an attack: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can Tribute 1 Token, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; change that target to face-up Defense Position.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a Machine-Type monster. The other Synchro Material Monster(s) are "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters in your hand or on your side of the field. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0).
When this card is Special Summoned: Special Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). You must control another "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster to activate and to resolve this effect. This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 2 Tokens, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target, and if you do, banish it.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Tokens you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can  Tribute all Tokens you control, then target 1 Level 4 or lower "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
2 Level 7 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster, then target 1 card on the field; destroy that target. This card cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
When this card is flipped face-up: Special Summon 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can Tribute 1 Token, then target 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast Hamstrat" once per turn.
Once per turn, when a monster(s) you control is Tributed to activate a card or effect other than this card's: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Token; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your hand.
1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Tribute "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" up to the number of cards in your opponent's hand; randomly discard cards from your opponent's hand, equal to the number of Tributed monsters. Other "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by your opponent (by battle or card effect): You can Set 1 Quick-Play Spell Card directly from your Deck.
You can Tribute 2 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast Kalgriffin" once per turn. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0).
When a Token(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast Megaraptor" once per turn. This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Token; add 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster from your hand. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Mecha Phantom Beast O-Lion" once per turn.
You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0), also you can only use "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters as Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Material for a Summon, for the rest of this turn. This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
This card cannot attack your opponent directly. If you have a monster in your Graveyard that is not a "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster, this card cannot attack. This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Token, then target 1 card in either player's Graveyard; banish that target.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Token, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
When this card is Normal Summoned: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. During the Damage Step of either player's turn, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can Tribute 1 Token once per battle; this card gains 800 ATK, until the end of this turn.
This card's Level is increased by the total Levels of all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Each turn, the first "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" you control that would be destroyed by battle, is not destroyed.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a Machine-Type monster: Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0), also, for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon any other monsters, except WIND monsters. While you control a Token, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can Tribute 1 other "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster; increase this card's Level by 1. You can only use 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Warbluran" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If you control a face-up Sea Serpent-Type monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 WATER monster to target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 1000 damage to both players. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard except by battle, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
A large chameleon with the ability to alter its body coloring. Using this ability, it can conceal itself in any location.
While you have no cards in your hand, your opponent cannot activate Spell Cards.
A cyborg snail that still travels at a slow pace.
A hunter that relentlessly pursues its target by order of the Machine King.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control; change it to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects this turn.
An eyeball fiend created by a servant of the wicked, it uses "Dark Blasts" to blow away its enemies.
If your opponent controls 4 or more cards than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Your opponent can only activate 1 Spell/Trap Card each turn.
When this card is Summoned, if you control a "Big Piece Golem", you can Special Summon 1 "Small Piece Golem" from your Deck. That monster's effect is negated while it is face-up on the field.
Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned, destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Evil Eye" card in your GY, except "Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye"; add it to your hand. If this card is equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; banish it. You can only use this effect of "Medusa, Watcher of the Evil Eye" once per turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Banish 1 card in your GY.
When this card attacks with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of your opponent's Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, discard 1 card randomly from your opponent's hand.
Rolls along the ground releasing bolts of electricity to attack its enemies.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Megalith" Card. During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; Ritual Summon 1 "Megalith" Ritual Monster from your hand. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal the monster's Level or more. When a Spell/Trap card or monster on the field activates its effect, while targeting a card(s) you control: You can place 1 Ritual Monster from your GY on to the bottom of your Deck, negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Megalith Aratron" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Megalith" Card. When this card is Ritual Summoned: You can target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of Ritual Monsters in your GY; destroy them. You can discard this card; Ritual Summon 1 "Megalith" Ritual Monster from your hand. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal the monster's Level or more. You can only use each effect of "Megalith Bethor" once per turn.
[hide]   English  You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Megalith" Card. When this card is Ritual Summoned: Add 1 "Megalith" Spell or Trap from your Deck to your hand. During your Main Phase: Ritual Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, including this card, whose total Levels equal the monster's Level or more. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Hagith" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Megalith" Card. When this card is Ritual Summoned: Draw 1 card, then discard 1 card. During your Main Phase (Quick Effect): Ritual Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, including this card, whose total Levels equal the monster's Level or more. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Och" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Megalith" Card. When this card is Ritual Summoned: Add 1 "Megalith" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Megalith Ophiel". During your Main Phase: Ritual Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, including this card, whose total Levels equal the monster's Level or more. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Ophiel" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Megalith" Card. Gains 300 ATK/DEF for each Ritual Monster in your GY. You can discard this card; Ritual Summon 1 "Megalith" Ritual Monster from your hand. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal the monster's Level or more. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Phaleg" once per turn.
With its sound-baffling armor and gargantuan jaws, this primeval predator's phosphorescence was the only possible pardon for its primitive prey.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play a Rock-Type monster(s) in your Graveyard. The original ATK and DEF of this card become the number of Rock-Type monsters you removed from play when you Special Summoned this card x 700 points.
Made of mysterious metal, this monster is a doomsday machine from the edge of the universe.
Nothing stands in the way of this spike-covered dinosaur!
The fatal beams from the eyes of this monster result in grim destruction.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. During the End Phase: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card, then target 1 of your banished Spells; add 1 card with the same name from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Megistric Maginician" once per turn.
You can Tribute this card, then target 1 face-up Continuous Spell or Continuous Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your hand or Graveyard.
"Check THIS out!"
If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Blue Sky" once per turn this way. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned from the hand: You can add "Mekk-Knight" monsters with different names, except "Mekk-Knight Blue Sky", from your Deck to your hand, equal to the number of your opponent's cards in this card's column. You can only use this effect of "Mekk-Knight Blue Sky" once per turn.
2+ monsters Special Summoned from the Extra Deck  If this card was Link Summoned, your opponent cannot target it with card effects, also your opponent's monsters cannot target other monsters for attacks. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card battles a Special Summoned monster (Quick Effect): You can make this card gain ATK equal to the ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling during that damage calculation only. If this Link Summoned card you control is sent to your GY by an opponent's card: You can shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck.
If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Green Horizon" once per turn this way. When an attack is declared involved this card and an opponent's monster in this card's column: You can target 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.
If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Indigo Eclipse" once per turn this way. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster you control; move that target to another of your Main Monster Zones.
2 monsters, including at least 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster  If this card is Link Summoned: You can discard 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster or "World Legacy" card; add 1 "World Legacy" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mekk-Knight Morning Star" once per turn. Your "Mekk-Knight" monsters cannot be destroyed by battle with monsters in a different column from them, also you take no battle damage from those battles.
If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Orange Sunset" once per turn this way. If an opponent's card in this card's column is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your hand.
If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Purple Nightfall" once per turn this way. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster you control; banish it (until the Standby Phase of your next turn), and if you do, add 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Mekk-Knight Purple Nightfall". You can only use this effect of "Mekk-Knight Purple Nightfall" once per turn.
If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Red Moon" once per turn this way. You can banish 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster in this card's column; destroy it.
2+ "Mekk-Knight" monsters  This card can attack directly if it is the only card in its column. If this card in the Extra Monster Zone points to no monsters, it cannot be destroyed by card effects, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. You can send 1 other card you control in this card's column to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your Deck in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Mekk-Knight Spectrum Supreme" once per turn.
If 2 or more cards are in the same column, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in that column. You can only Special Summon "Mekk-Knight Yellow Star" once per turn this way. You can banish 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your GY, then target 1 Spell/Trap in this card's column; destroy it.
This card gains 100 ATK for each "Meklord" monster on the field, except this card. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve that target's ATK, until the end of this turn.
This card gains 200 ATK for each "Meklord" monster on the field, except this card. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Meklord Army" monster from your Deck.
This card gains 100 ATK for each "Meklord" monster on the field, except this card. Once per turn, when another "Meklord" monster you control declares an attack on a Defense Position monster your opponent controls: You can activate this effect; during that battle, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by controlling 3 or more "Meklord" monsters. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target any number of "Meklord" monsters you control, except this card; send those targets to the Graveyard, and if you do, this card's ATK becomes the combined original ATK of the monsters sent to the Graveyard by this effect. Each time a Synchro Monster(s) is Special Summoned: Inflict 1000 damage to the Summoning player.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 "Meklord" monsters from your hand to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can send 1 of these equipped monsters you control to the Graveyard; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When a face-up monster you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card gains ATK and DEF equal to half of your LP. Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. You can target 1 of these equipped monsters; Special Summon that target to your side of the field in Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When a face-up monster you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. You can send 1 monster you control that is equipped to this card to the Graveyard; this card can attack your opponent directly this turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When a face-up monster you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Other monsters you control cannot declare an attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
This monster has four different masks for four different attacks.
2 Level 3 EARTH monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects. ● Send 1 Plant-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. ● Target 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Djinn" Xyz Monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
Each time a Counter Trap Card is activated, gain 1000 Life Points, and if "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is face-up on the field, destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, remove from play all Synchro Monsters in your opponent's Graveyard, and inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each monster removed.
If this card successfully attacks directly, inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each card in their Extra Deck.
When this removed from play card is Special Summoned, reveal the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck. Choose 1 of those cards and remove it from play. Then, shuffle the others into the Deck.
Dis big ol' guy wit' a big ol' eye shoots a nasty ray beam right atcha!
You can only use each effect of "Merlin" once per turn. ●You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster from your Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except "Noble Knight" monsters. ●During either player's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 "Noble Knight" Synchro Monster using monsters you control. ●During either player's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 "Noble Knight" Xyz Monster using monsters you control.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Level 3 or lower monster you control; equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) While equipped with a monster by this effect, this card gains 800 ATK. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy the monster equipped to it with this effect instead.
While "Umi" is face-up on the field, this card can attack twice during the same Battle Phase.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Level 3, 4 or 5 Fish-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
2 Fish, Sea Serpent, and/or Aqua monsters  Monsters this card points to gain 500 ATK/DEF. You can only use each of the following effects of "Mermail Abyssalacia" once per turn.  ● During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 card from your hand to the GY; add 1 "Mermail" monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's attack or card effect: You can send 1 WATER monster from your Deck to the GY, then target 1 WATER monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.
You can discard 4 other "Mermail" monsters to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do: Target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of "Mermail" monsters in your Graveyard (if possible); this card gains 500 ATK, and if it does, destroy those targets (if any). You can Tribute 1 other face-up Attack Position "Mermail" monster; this card gains the following effect this turn. ● At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.
When this card is added from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You must control a "Mermail" monster to activate and to resolve this effect. When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Mermail" monster: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Mermail" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only use 1 "Mermail Abyssdine" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
2 Level 7 WATER monsters While this face-up card has Xyz Material, Level 5 or higher monsters cannot attack. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls that have less ATK than this card, until the end of the turn.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Mermail" monster in your Graveyard, except "Mermail Abyssgunde"; Special Summon that target. You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abyssgunde" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Mermail" monster from your hand, except "Mermail Abysshilde". You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abysshilde" once per turn.
You can discard 3 other WATER monsters to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do: You can target 1 "Abyss-" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can Tribute 1 other face-up Attack Position "Mermail" monster; send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Mermail Abyssleed" once per turn.
If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Mermail" monster from your Deck, except "Mermail Abysslinde". You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abysslinde" once per turn.
Your opponent cannot target face-up WATER monsters for attacks, except this one. All WATER monsters you control gain 300 ATK.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard to activate 1 of these effects; ● Increase the Level of all "Mermail" monsters you currently control by 1. ● Increase the Level of all "Mermail" monsters you currently control by 2.
You can discard 2 other WATER monsters to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do: You can add 1 "Abyss-" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can Tribute 1 other face-up Attack Position WATER monster; this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
(Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 WATER monster you control; destroy 1 other WATER monster in your hand or field, and if you do, the targeted monster gains ATK/DEF equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK/DEF, until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Mermail Abyssnerei" once per turn.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Mermail" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position. You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abyssnose" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Mermail" monster you control; Special Summon any number of Level 4 or lower "Mermail" monsters from your Deck whose combined Levels are less than or equal to the Level of that monster, then send that monster to the Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abyssocea" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard; add 1 Level 3 WATER monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mermail Abysspike" once per turn.
You can discard 1 other WATER monster to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand. If Summoned this way: Add 1 Level 4 or lower "Mermail" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mermail Abyssteus" once per turn.
3 Level 3 monsters During either player's turn, when your opponent targets exactly 1 face-up "Mermail" monster you control for an attack, or with a Spell/Trap effect that could have targeted this card (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; that attack/effect now targets this card. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Mermail" monster in your Graveyard, except "Mermail Abysstrite"; Special Summon that target.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can discard 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 Level 3 or lower WATER monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Mermail Abyssturge" once per turn.
When you Tribute this card for the Tribute Summon of a DARK monster, Special Summon 3 "Metabo Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 2 Fish-Type monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle those targets into your Deck.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this Attack Position card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: Return as many monsters on the field as possible to the hand (other than this card), and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card returned. During your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
A gigantic insect-like creature covered by thick armor. Everything in his path is destroyed.
"Steel Ogre Grotto #1" + "Lesser Dragon"
A metal fish with a razor-sharp caudal fin.
A fiend guarding the treasures of the netherworld, it's most at home in the dark.
When this card is Normal Summoned, place 2 counters on it. This card gains 800 ATK for each of these counters on it. If this card would be destroyed by a card effect, remove 1 of this card's counters instead.
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 monster with 2500 or less ATK
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 2 monsters with 3000 or less ATK
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  That gleaming, golden buggy breaks bad guys good. What wonderful wheels! (With a bumbling buffoon....)
1 "Metalfoes" monster + 1 Pendulum Monster You can target 2 "Metalfoes" cards in your Graveyard and 1 card on the field; shuffle the targets from your Graveyard into the Deck, and if you do, return the target on the field to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Metalfoes Mithrilium" once per turn. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Pendulum Monster from your Graveyard or face-up from your Extra Deck.
2 "Metalfoes" monsters If a "Metalfoes" monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict double piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Sizzling soldier on a silver sublight speedjet. Can't track her, can't see her, can't escape that lightspeed laser.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Cool iron bodies meet burning metal machines and man/machine combine. Burn up the soul - Metalfoes Fusion!!
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Roasting red rockets boost its blazing, bright-blast burners to liquified lava levels. Vanquisher of the Vanisher!
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to a face-up monster on your side of the field as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, that monster will be unaffected by the effects of Spell Cards controlled by your opponent. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the monster that this card is equipped to is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, the equipped monster cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's monster effects. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.)
When a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then destroy all your opponent's cards in the column this card was in. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Metalrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Metalrokket Dragon" once per turn.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute Continuous Spell/Trap Card(s) you control, as well as monsters. Unaffected by the effects of cards with the same card type (Monster, Spell, and/or Trap) as the original card type of the cards Tributed for its Tribute Summon. If this Tribute Summoned monster in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can Special Summon 1 Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster that is EARTH, WATER, FIRE, or WIND from your Extra Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Deck) by Tributing "Zoa" equipped with "Metalmorph".
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If another Insect monster is on the field, your opponent cannot target Insect monsters you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: You can Tribute 1 monster; this card can attack an opponent's monster again in a row. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Insect Monster Token" (Insect/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100).
Usually visible despite its phantom existence.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Metaphys" monster: You can banish all other face-up Special Summoned monsters on the field. If this card is banished, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can shuffle this banished card into the Deck; banish 1 "Metaphys" card from your Deck, except "Metaphys Daedalus".
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When your monster is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 of your "Metaphys" monsters, that is banished or is in your GY; banish this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "Metaphys Decoy Dragon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When your monster is targeted for an attack: You can target 1 of your "Metaphys" monsters, that is banished or is in your GY; banish this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster in Attack Position. If this card is banished, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can Special Summon this banished card. You can only use each monster effect of "Metaphys Decoy Dragon" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 5 "Metaphys" cards with different names from your GY and/or face-up from your field. This face-up card on the field cannot be destroyed, or banished, by card effects. Once per turn, if your opponent controls more cards than you do: You can target 1 of your banished "Metaphys" monsters; Special Summon it, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can activate the appropriate effect(s), depending on the non-Tuner monster(s) used as Synchro Material;  ●Normal Monster: This face-up card is unaffected by other card effects this turn.  ●Effect Monster: You can target 1 other face-up card on the field; negate that target's effects.  ●Pendulum Monster: Your opponent chooses 1 monster they control and gives control of it to you, but it cannot attack this turn.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Metaphys" monster: You can banish all Set Spells and Traps on the field. If this card is banished, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can shuffle this banished card into the Deck; add 1 "Metaphys" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Metaphys Nephthys".
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can banish the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if you do, this card gains 300 ATK for each "Metaphys" card banished by this effect. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Metaphys" monster from your Deck, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only use each effect of "Metaphys Ragnarok" once per turn.
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Metaphys" monster, it is unaffected by Trap effects, also if it attacks a monster, it can make a second attack in a row. If this card is banished, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can shuffle this banished card into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Metaphys" monster from your hand, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card must be Tribute Summoned by offering 3 Beast-Warrior-Type monsters on your side of the field as Tributes. If this card attacks your opponent's Life Points directly and makes them 0, the controller of this card wins the Match.
"Red-Eyes B. Dragon" + "Meteor Dragon"
1 Level 7 "Red-Eyes" monster + 1 Level 6 Dragon-Type monster If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can send 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of that monster. If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
This dragon appeared from the sky and crashed to the earth.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Other "Red-Eyes" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other card in a Pendulum Zone; this card's Pendulum Scale becomes equal to that card's, until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  While you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones with the same Pendulum Scale, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the Pendulum Scale x 100, and can attack your opponent directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Destroy all cards in the Pendulum Zones.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Zombie-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 card on the field; banish that target. When this card is destroyed: You can target any number of other "Lightsworn" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, you gain 300 LP for each returned card. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Halve your opponent's LP. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
If you would use a Cyberse monster(s) you control as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster, you can use this card in your hand as Link Material. If this card is sent from the hand or field to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Code Talker" monster: You can add 1 "Cynet" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, or, if this card was used as material from the field, you can add 1 Level 4 Cyberse monster, instead. You can only use each effect of "Micro Coder" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. Negate the activation of a Spell Card that targets this 1 face-down monster. At that time, flip this card into face-up Defense Position.
This monster only appears when a midnight tribute is made.
2 monsters with different names  All Warrior monsters on the field gain 500 ATK. If this Link Summoned card you control is destroyed by battle or opponent's card effect: You can target 1 Warrior non-Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Mighty Flame Swordsman" once per turn.
A machine soldier that was developed as a guard. It is made of rust-proof metal.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's original ATK.
A dragon warrior of the moon armed with a crescent sword.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die and reduce this card's Pendulum Scale by the result (min. 1), until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The taste of victory will bowl you over.
When this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 Set card your opponent controls; look at it. Your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards in response to this effect's activation.
For nearly a millennium, this golem has served as guardian of an ancient treasure trove.
Each time this card destroys 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, this card gains 500 ATK.
A famous shield said to belong to an ancient Egyptian Pharaoh. Legends tell of its power to block any strong attack.
(Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to an "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster or "Relinquished" you control, as if it were equipped by that monster's effect. If an "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster(s) or a "Relinquished" is Special Summoned: Add this card from your GY to your hand (this is not optional). You can only use each effect of "Millennium-Eyes Illusionist" once per turn.
"Relinquished" + 1 Effect Monster  Once per turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls or in their GY; equip that target to this card you control. This card gains ATK/DEF equal to that equipped monster's. Monsters with that equipped monster's name cannot attack, also their effects on the field and their activated effects are negated.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all EARTH monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all WIND monsters by 400 points.
During your Main Phase: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a monster, Special Summon it, and if you do, place this card on the bottom of the Deck. If it wasn't a monster, or couldn't be Special Summoned, place it on the bottom of the Deck. Place the monster Special Summoned by this effect on the bottom of the Deck during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Mimikuril" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control a Level 3 monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Mimimic" once per turn this way.
Once per turn, at the start of your Standby Phase, if you control a "Nordic" monster and this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
When this card is discarded directly from your hand to the Graveyard by an effect of a card controlled by your opponent, inflict 1000 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
You can pay 800 Life Points and Tribute 1 Psychic-Type monster, except "Mind Master", to Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Psychic-Type monster from your Deck in face-up Attack Position.
Your opponent must play with their hand revealed.
This card's controller must pay 500 Life Points during each of their Standby Phases. If they cannot, destroy this card. Monsters with 2000 or less ATK cannot declare an attack, except for Psychic-Type monsters.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster of a Beast-Type monster, draw 1 card. If this card is removed from the field by your opponent's card effect, remove this card from play.
When this face-up card you control leaves the field and is still in your possession: You can target 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level is less than or equal to the total number of "Lightsworn" monsters with different names in your Graveyard. If this card is sent from the hand or Deck to the Graveyard: Send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard. During each of your End Phases: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
Each time a Counter Trap Card is activated, immediately after it resolves, this card gains 500 ATK, and if it does, and "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, add 1 Counter Trap with a different name from your GY to your hand.
2 Level 4 monsters  You can detach 1 material from this card; send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY, then draw cards equal to the number of "Lightsworn" cards sent to the GY by this effect. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY, then you can destroy cards on the field up to the number of "Lightsworn" cards sent to the GY by this effect. You can only use each effect of "Minerva, the Exalted Lightsworn" once per turn.
2 "Rokket" monsters  If you control a "Borrel" Link Monster and this card is in your GY: You can Tribute 1 Link-3 or lower monster; Special Summon this card, but it cannot be used as material for the Link Summon of a monster with the same Link Rating as the Tributed monster. You can only use this effect of "Miniborrel Dragon" once per turn.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute this card to Special Summon 2 Level 4 Beast-Warrior-Type Normal Monsters from your Deck.
A rock warrior that wields a heavy blade carved from stone.
3 Level 1 monsters If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. Level 4 or lower monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.
If you control a "Miracle Flipper", you cannot Summon this card. Your opponent cannot select another face-up monster as an attack target. If this card is destroyed by battle, Special Summon it to your opponent's side of the field at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.
While face-up on the field, this card cannot be banished. Each time a Dinosaur-Type monster(s) is sent to your Graveyard, place 2 counters on this card. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the number of counters that were on this card.
Your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards during the Battle Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Dark Flare Knight" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During damage calculation only, this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling. During the End Phase of a turn this card attacked or was attacked: Banish this card.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Mirror Force", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When a monster(s) you control is targeted for an attack or by an opponent's card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can destroy all cards your opponent controls.
If you control at least 1 face-up monster and have no monsters in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned this way, this card's Level becomes equal to the total Levels of all other monsters you control. If the Level of this card is higher than 12, destroy this card.
If your opponent controls a face-up monster(s) that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck and you do not, while this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Mirror Resonator" once per turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; treat this card's Level as that monster's original Level if this card is used for a Synchro Summon this turn.
A missile-launching fish protected by deadly spikes.
During either player's Main Phase: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; during this Main Phase, Dinosaur-Type monsters you control are unaffected by your opponent's activated effects. You can banish any number of Dinosaur-Type monsters from your Graveyard, including this card; Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck with a Level equal to the total number of monsters banished to activate this effect, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Miscellaneousaurus" once per turn.
If you control no other monsters: You can Tribute this card to target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon or conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.
2 EARTH monsters  All EARTH monsters on the field gain 500 ATK and DEF, also all WIND monsters on the field lose 400 ATK and DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 EARTH monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Missus Radiant" once per turn.
You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Summoned this way: Destroy this card, and if you do, take 1000 damage.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0, and if it does, its effects are negated. These changes last until the end of this turn.
You can Special Summon this card from your hand by returning 1 face-up "Mist Valley" monster you control to the hand. If you do, this card's ATK becomes 1700.
When an effect is activated, you can select 1 face-up "Mist Valley" card you control. Return that "Mist Valley" card to its owner's hand, negate the effect's activation, and destroy the card whose effect was activated.
When this card is sent directly from the hand to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon it.
When this card is Normal Summoned, return all face-up Spell and Trap Cards on the field to their owners' hands.
This card cannot declare an attack unless you return 1 card you control to the hand.
Once per turn, you can return 1 other monster you control to the hand, to have this card gain 500 ATK until the End Phase.
While you control this face-up card, any opponent's monster that battles this card, but is not destroyed by the battle, returns to its owner's hand at the end of the Damage Step.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Mist Valley" monsters Once per turn, you can select 1 card you control. Return it to the hand, and this card gains 500 ATK until the End Phase. This effect can be activated during either player's turn.
When this face-up card on the field returns to the hand, Special Summon it. This card cannot attack during the turn it was Special Summoned by this effect.
Descendant of a family that has served as Mist Valley watchman over the generations. Never missed a single thing that happened in the valley, no matter how minute.
Once per turn, if both players have 5 or more cards in their hand, you can activate this effect to make both players send cards from their hands to the Graveyards until they have 4 cards.
1 Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: Target up to 3 cards your opponent controls; return those targets to the hand.
2 WATER monsters  All WATER monsters on the field gain 500 ATK and DEF, also all FIRE monsters on the field lose 400 ATK and DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 WATER monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mistar Boy" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, also Special Summon this card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Vassal Token" (Thunder-Type/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 800/DEF 1000) to your opponent's field in Defense Position. If this card is Tributed for a Tribute Summon: You can activate this effect; you can Tribute Summon 1 monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set this turn. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) You can only use each effect of "Mithra the Thunder Vassal" once per turn.
You can Tribute 1 Machine monster; Special Summon 1 non-WIND "roid" monster from your Deck. You can pay half your LP and banish any number of Machine monsters from your GY, including this card; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "roid" Fusion Monster with the same Level as the number of those banished monsters, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Mixeroid" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position.
When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target up to 2 Spell/Trap Cards on the field; destroy those targets.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target up to 3 Spell/Trap Cards on the field; destroy those targets. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a WATER monster, add this additional effect. ● Your opponent cannot activate the targeted cards in response to this effect's activation.
When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon it from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. You can only use the effect of "Mogmole" once per Duel.
If you Tribute Summon this monster by Tributing 3 monsters on the field, destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Level 4 Beast-Type monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
An outcast angel. Nobody knows what he is thinking at all. Sometimes he gets mad and that is dreadful.
"Mokey Mokey" + "Mokey Mokey" + "Mokey Mokey" When this card is removed from the field, you can Special Summon as many "Mokey Mokey" as possible from your Graveyard.
A giant born from magma, it attacks with a magma punch.
When this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: Draw 1 card.
A further step in the evolutionary chain, it is much more powerful than "Larvas".
Battle Damage to this card's controller from a battle involving this card becomes 0.
1 non-Link "Tenyi" monster
When using this card as Synchro Material, the other Synchro Material(s) must be Level 4 or lower Warrior or Machine-Type monsters, and they are treated as Level 1.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 Spell Card from your hand. When you Synchro Summon using this card and a Beast-Type Tuner monster as the Synchro Material Monsters, you can select 1 Beast-Type Tuner monster used for the Synchro Summon and Special Summon it from the Graveyard.
A warrior hidden within an egg that attacks enemies by flinging eggshells.
You can target 1 face-up monster you control; send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the GY with the same original Type as that face-up monster, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except monsters with the same original Type as the monster sent to the GY by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Monster Express" once per turn.
You can pay 1000 Life Points; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Graveyard to your hand.
A master of monsters that exercises control over several creatures.
Few have set eyes on this dive-bombing bird and lived to tell the tale.
Protected by a spiked shell, this turtle has a very nasty disposition.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 other monsters from your hand to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's ATK becomes the combined original Levels of the sent monsters x 300.
"Supay" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is targeted for an attack: Gain LP equal to half the attacking monster's ATK. If this card on the field is destroyed: You can target 1 "Sun Dragon Inti" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Many have fallen victim to this lunar warrior's crescent pike.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Butterspy" monster from your Deck.
When your opponent activates a card or effect, while you control a "Noble Knight" monster and a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY; destroy 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell you control, and if you do, negate the activation. You can only use this effect of "Morgan, the Enchantress of Avalon" once per turn.
A strange fiend with long arms and razor-sharp talons.
You can Tribute 1 face-up EARTH monster to destroy all face-up monsters with DEF equal to or less than the ATK of the Tributed card.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a “Dream Mirror” monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. During the Main or Battle Phase, if “Dream Mirror of Joy” is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 “Morpheus, the Dream Mirror White Knight” from your Deck. You can only use each effect of “Morpheus, the Dream Mirror Black Knight” once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a “Dream Mirror” monster: You can activate this effect; this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. During the Main or Battle Phase, if “Dream Mirror of Terror” is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 “Morpheus, the Dream Mirror Black Knight” from your Deck. You can only use each effect of “Morpheus, the Dream Mirror White Knight” once per turn.
FLIP: Both players discard their entire hands, then draw 5 cards.
FLIP: Shuffle all monsters on the field into the Deck. Then, each player excavates cards from the top of their Deck, until they excavate the same number of monsters they shuffled into their Main Deck. Special Summon all excavated Level 4 or lower monsters in face-down Defense Position, also send the remaining cards to the Graveyard.
Once per turn, when the battle position of an opponent's monster(s) is changed (except during the Damage Step): You can target one of those monsters; it loses 1000 ATK and DEF.
● While in Attack Position: "Morphtronic" monsters you control can attack your opponent directly. ● While in Defense Position: Other "Morphtronic" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
● While in Attack Position, this card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. ● Once per turn, while in Defense Position, when a face-up "Morphtronic" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack.
● While in Attack Position: When this card is destroyed by battle, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Morphtronic" monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Morphtronic Cameran". ● While in Defense Position: "Morphtronic" monsters on the field cannot be targeted by effects.
● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can roll a six-sided die. Reveal cards from top of your Deck equal to the roll and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Morphtronic" monster from among them, ignoring the Summoning conditions. Shuffle the rest into the Deck. ● While in Defense Position: Once per turn, you can roll a six-sided die. Look at cards from top of your Deck equal to the roll, then return them in the same order.
● While in Attack Position: This card gains 500 ATK for each Morph Counter on it. ● While in Defense Position: Once per turn, you can place 1 Morph Counter on this card. You can Tribute this card to inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each Morph Counter on it.
● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 monster to inflict 600 damage to your opponent. ● While in Defense Position: Once per turn, you can inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
● While in Attack Position: Any effect damage you would take from an opponent's card effect is inflicted to your opponent instead. ● While in Defense Position: When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you take no Battle Damage this turn.
● While in Attack Position: If your opponent controls a face-up monster, this card can only select their highest ATK monster as an attack target. ● While in Defense Position: Your opponent cannot select another monster as an attack target.
● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, if you control exactly 2 other face-up Attack Position monsters, and no additional monsters, this card gains the combined ATK of the other two monsters you control until the End Phase. The other two monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect. ● While in Defense Position: Monsters you control cannot attack.
● While in Attack Position: "Morphtronic" monsters you control gain 800 ATK. ● While in Defense Position: "Morphtronic" monsters you control gain 1000 DEF.
● Once per turn, while in Attack Position: You can target 1 "Morphtronic" monster in your Graveyard; banish that target and add 1 "Morphtronic" monster with the same Level as the target from your Deck to your hand. ● Once per turn, while in Defense Position: You can send 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 other "Morphtronic" monster with the same Level as that monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand. Destroy it during the End Phase. ● While in Defense Position: While this card is in face-up Defense Position, it is Level 4.
● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 "Morphtronic" monster, except "Morphtronic Slingen", to destroy 1 card on the field. ● While in Defense Position: If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another "Morphtronic" monster you control instead.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard.  ●While in Attack Position: Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, add 1 excavated "Morphtronic" card to your hand, also shuffle the rest back into the Deck.  ●While in Defense Position: Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die, look at that many cards from the top of your Deck, then place all of them on either the top or the bottom of the Deck, but in any order.
● While in Attack Position: Your opponent cannot select another monster you control as an attack target. If this card is destroyed by battle, the monster that destroyed it loses 300 ATK. ● While in Defense Position: This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is attacked, select 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls, after damage calculation. Change it to face-up Defense Position and change this card to face-up Attack Position.
● While in Attack Position: Once per turn, you can send 1 card equipped to this card to the Graveyard to inflict 500 damage to your opponent.   ● While in Defense Position: Once per turn, you can equip 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card.)
● While in Attack Position: This card gains 800 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to it.  ● While in Defense Position: This card gains 800 DEF for each Equip Card equipped to it.
During the Standby Phase of your next turn after you Tribute Summoned this face-up card on the field: Special Summon, from the Graveyard, as many monster(s) as possible that were used for its Tribute Summon. They cannot declare an attack, and their effects are negated.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 WATER monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.
If you have only Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard, you can send 2 face-up Defense Position monsters your opponent controls to the Graveyard and Special Summon this card from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but it has its effects negated.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 WATER monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Discard 2 random cards from your opponent's hand (or their entire hand, if less than 2). You can only use the effect of "Moulinglacia the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.
A tough warrior that can move smoothly on even the roughest terrain.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster from your hand. You cannot Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this effect, except for LIGHT monsters.
This seemingly mild-mannered creature has an extremely volatile temper.
If an opponent's card effect activates, before resolving that effect, toss a coin twice, and if the result is 2 Heads, negate that effect. You can only use this effect of "Ms. Judge" once per turn.
This card may attack your opponent's Life Points directly. Each time this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, increase the ATK of this card by 1000 points during your next Standby Phase. The ATK increase lasts as long as this card remains face-up on the field.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  This card can be used as a substitute for any 1 Fusion Material whose name is specifically listed on the Fusion Monster Card, but the other Fusion Material(s) must be correct. During your Main Phase, if you control this Synchro Summoned card: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Material, including this card. You can only use this effect of "Muddy Mudragon" once per turn.
This card gains 200 ATK for each Fairy-Type monster in your Graveyard.
2 monsters with the same Attribute but different Types  Your opponent cannot target this card, or monsters on the field with the same Attribute as this card, with card effects. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can declare 1 Attribute; this card becomes that Attribute until the end of this turn.
This card gains 300 ATK and DEF for each card in your hand.
"Big Piece Golem" + "Medium Piece Golem" At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked, you can return it to the Extra Deck. Then, if all of the Fusion Material Monsters that were used for the Fusion Summon of this card are in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon them.
If a player would take damage from a battle involving this card, they gain that much LP, instead.
A fairy of the arts that is unbeatable on the harp.
Found in humid regions, this creature attacks enemies with a lethal rain of poison spores.
A player controlling this monster loses 300 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases when this card is face-up on the field. Control of this card is shifted to your opponent by paying 500 Life Points at your own End Phase.
"Witch of the Black Forest" + "Lady of Faith"
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Gusto" monster in your Graveyard and 1 face-up monster on the field; shuffle the first target into the Deck, and if you do, negate the second target's effects until the End Phase.
When this card declares an attack, you can take control of 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls, and attack with it instead of this monster. It cannot attack your opponent directly. Return it to your opponent at the end of the Battle Phase.
2 Level 3 monsters When a "Djinn" Xyz Monster you control is attacking an opponent's monster, during the Damage Step: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; the attacking monster's ATK is doubled until the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Muzurhythm the String Djinn" once per turn.
FLIP: Target 1 face-up monster on the field, and if you control a face-up Warrior-Type monster, you can target 1 additional face-up monster on the field; return the first target to the top of the Deck, then return the additional target (if any) to the hand if you still control a face-up Warrior-Type monster.
Each time you or your opponent Normal Summons or Flip Summons a monster, increase your Life Points by 500 points.
This monster twists reality and reaches between dimensions to attack its enemies.
Mysterious living matter that suddenly appeared from a different dimension. Its attack paralyzes the target's nerves, and causes intense hallucinations.
Nothing can stop the mad attack of this powerful creature.
Half man and half horse, this monster is known for its extreme speed.
This monster can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of an EARTH monster. You can target 1 EARTH monster on the field; reduce its Level by 1. You can use the effect of "Mystic Macrocarpa Seed" up to twice per turn.
You can Tribute this card to draw and reveal 1 card. If that card is a Level 1 Monster Card, draw 1 more card. The effect of "Mystic Piper" can only be activated once per turn.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Mystic Swordsman LV4" from your hand or Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned (but can be Normal Set). At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster. During the End Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle this turn: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Mystic Swordsman LV6" from your hand or Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned (but can be Normal Set). At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster, and if you do, you can place it on top of your opponent's Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 DARK monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.
If you do not control "Temple of the Kings", destroy this card. Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card. If this card destroys a monster by battle: It gains 500 ATK.
A mystical chain that binds enemies, rendering them immobile.
A delicate elf that lacks offense, but has a terrific defense backed by mystical power.
Once per turn: You can reveal 1 WIND monster in your hand; until your opponent's next End Phase, neither player can Xyz Summon using monsters with a different Level from the revealed monster as Xyz Materials.
When this card destroys 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field and sends it to your opponent's Graveyard as a result of battle, you can then return the card to the top of your opponent's Deck.
"Giant Soldier of Stone" + "Ancient Elf"
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion-Material Monster. When you do this, the other Fusion-Material Monster(s) must be the correct one(s).
A monstrous sheep with a long tail for hypnotizing enemies.
A soul of light covered by mystical shine. When you see its beautiful shape, your dream will come true.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can discard 1 card; apply the following effect, depending on the type of card discarded.  ●Monster: Add 1 Trap from your GY to your hand.  ●Spell: Add 1 monster from your GY to your hand.  ●Trap: Add 1 Spell from your GY to your hand.  You can only use this effect of "Mystrick Hulder" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 WATER Dragon-Type monster you control; this card's Level becomes the current Level of that monster.
If you control an EARTH monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Mythic Water Dragon" once per turn this way.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy this card, and if you do, shuffle 1 face-up Spellcaster Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck into the Deck, except "Mythical Beast Basilisk", then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Bashilisk" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field; return 1 "Mythical Beast" card from your Pendulum Zone or face-up from your Extra Deck to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Bashilisk" once per turn.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. This card gains 500 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. If damage calculation is conducted involving this card, remove all Spell Counters from it at the end of the Battle Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can target 1 other Spell/Trap on the field; destroy both it and this card. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Garuda" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon this card from your hand, then return the opponent's Summoned monster(s) to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Garuda" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can target 1 card you control that you can place a Spell Counter on; destroy this card, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on that card. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Jackal" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field and Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Mythical Beast" Effect Monster from your Deck, except "Mythical Beast Jackal".
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 face-up "Mythical Beast" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Mythical Beast Jackal King". You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Jackal King" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each time a Spell is activated, place 2 Spell Counters on this card when that Spell resolves. Once per turn, when an opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can remove 2 Spell Counters from your field; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Level 7 or lower "Mythical Beast" Effect Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Master Cerberus" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 2 Spell Counters on this card when that Spell resolves. Cannot be destroyed by card effects, while 4 or more Spell Counters are on your field. Once per turn: You can remove 4 Spell Counters from your field, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it face-up, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the banished monster's original ATK until the end of the opponent's turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can target 1 monster in your GY that you can place a Spell Counter on; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster, and if you do that, place 1 Spell Counter on it. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Beast Medusa" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. Once per turn, during the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can remove 2 Spell Counters from your field, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; its ATK/DEF become half its current ATK/DEF until the end of this turn.
You can only control 1 "Naglfar, Generaider Boss of Flames". If a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Generaider" monster or Beast-Warrior monster you control instead. You can only use this effect of "Naglfar, Generaider Boss of Flames" once per turn.
If this card attacks a face-up Level 3 or lower monster, destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without applying damage calculation.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), you can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Naturia" monster from your Deck.
If this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Naturia" monster, while this card remains face-up on the field, your opponent cannot activate Spell or Trap Cards.
1 EARTH Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner EARTH monsters  During either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated: You can banish 2 cards from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this face-up card is selected as an attack target, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
1 EARTH Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner EARTH monsters  During either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Switch the original ATK and DEF of this card each time a Spell Card is activated.
Once per turn, when your opponent's monster declares an attack, you can send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard and negate that attack.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard by your opponent's card (including by battle, card effect, or by being destroyed), you can Special Summon up to 2 "Naturia Cherries" from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Naturia" monster from your Deck to your side of the field in face-up Attack Position.
When your opponent Normal Summons or Sets a monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has 2000 or more ATK. This card gains 200 ATK for each "Naturia" monster in your Graveyard.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Naturia" monster in your Graveyard, except "Naturia Eggplant", and add it to your hand.
"Naturia Beast" + "Naturia Barkion" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. While this card is face-up on the field, you can negate the activation of a Spell/Trap Card, and destroy it, by removing from play 1 card from your Graveyard, then sending the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard.
All face-up monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK and DEF for each face-up "Naturia" monster you control. Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with 0 DEF, and take control of it until the End Phase.
2 EARTH Synchro Monsters During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 card on the field (and no other cards): You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When your opponent Normal Summons a monster, this card gains 300 ATK until the End Phase.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster, you can Tribute 1 face-up "Naturia" monster you control, except this card, to destroy the Special Summoned monster.
If the effect of a "Naturia" monster you control was activated during this turn, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
When you Synchro Summon a "Naturia" Synchro Monster, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. During your Main Phase, you can Tribute this card to select 1 face-up "Naturia" monster you control. It gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
1 EARTH Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner EARTH monsters While this card is face-up on the field, you can send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard to negate the activation of an Effect Monster's effect, and destroy that Effect Monster.
1 EARTH Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner EARTH monsters
When your opponent Normal Summons a monster, you can send 1 "Naturia" monster from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy that monster.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Naturia" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 2 "Naturia" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle both those targets into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
While you control another face-up "Naturia" monster(s), your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. Your opponent takes any Battle Damage you would have taken from battles involving a face-up "Naturia" monster you control, except this card.
All face-up monsters you control are treated as Plant-Type. During your Standby Phase, if you do not control a face-up "Naturia Pineapple", and have no monsters in your Graveyard except Plant or Beast-Type: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You must not control any Spell or Trap Cards to activate and resolve this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned, if your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon 1 "Naturia" monster from your hand.
When your opponent draws a card(s), except during the Draw Phase, you can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to draw 2 cards.
When a Trap Card is activated, you can send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.
Your opponent can only activate 1 Spell/Trap Card per turn.
This card cannot declare an attack unless your opponent activated a Spell, Trap, Spell/Trap effect or Monster effect this turn.
Once per turn, during the Battle Step or Damage Step of this card's attack, when your opponent activates a card or effect, you can select 1 "Naturia" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard.
When a face-up "Naturia" monster you control is selected as an attack target, you can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to negate that attack and end the Battle Phase.
Once per turn, when your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): Target 1 of those monsters; this card gains 100 ATK x the Level of that monster, until the End Phase.
You can Tribute this card and 1 "Naturia" monster to negate the activation of an effect of an Effect Monster your opponent controls, and destroy it.
Each time your opponent activates a Spell or Trap Card, all face-up "Naturia" monster(s) you control gain 500 ATK until the End Phase.
You can Tribute this card and 1 "Naturia" monster to negate the activation of your opponent's Spell or Trap Card, and destroy it.
When this card is targeted by an opponent's card effect, you can send this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon 2 Level 4 or lower "Naturia" monsters from your Deck. They cannot declare an attack, and are destroyed during your End Phase.
You can reveal this card and 1 other Level 8 Dragon monster in your hand; Special Summon both in Defense Position, but negate their effects, also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except LIGHT or DARK Dragon monsters. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 4 LIGHT or DARK Dragon monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Nebula Dragon" once per turn.
A fiend that wields a mean sickle and fires devastating beams from its eyes.
During your Main Phase, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 monster you control. Until your opponent's next End Phase, that monster cannot be destroyed by battle, and you take no Battle Damage from battles involving it.
If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Sorciere de Fleur" from your Deck.
During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the next attack this turn from a monster your opponent controls (this is a Quick Effect).
You can Tribute this card to select 1 "Synchron" Tuner monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster. It cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster during the turn it is Special Summoned by this effect.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Shuffle all banished cards into the Deck. This card gains 100 ATK for each card shuffled into the Main Deck by this effect. If this card is banished: Each player banishes 5 cards from the top of their Deck (or their entire Deck, if less than 5).
The one-eyed Necrolancer launches his onslaught from a dimensional ring that can appear out of thin air.
"Zombie World" in the Field Zone cannot be destroyed by card effects, also neither player can target it with card effects. (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your field or GY; activate 1 "Zombie World" directly from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Necroworld Banshee" once per turn.
FLIP: You can pay 2000 Life Points to inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
When this card destroys a monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to the Level of the destroyed monster x 500 points.
If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster for a Synchro Monster, during battle between that Synchro Monster and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of that Synchro Monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses 500 ATK.
FLIP: Send the top 5 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
You can only control 1 "Nefarious Archfiend Eater of Nefariousness". If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon this card.
During your opponent's turn, when this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: It becomes the End Phase of this turn.
A pussycat-fairy. Contrary to her lovely beauty, she claws on her enemies.
A fast and lethal creature with very dangerous claws.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned without using "Nekroz of Brionac", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Brionac" once per turn. ● You can discard this card; add 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Nekroz of Brionac". ● You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; shuffle them into the Deck.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned without using "Nekroz of Catastor", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can discard this card, then target 1 "Nekroz" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz of Catastor" once per turn. At the start of the Damage Step, if a "Nekroz" monster you control battles an opponent's face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Destroy that monster.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Clausolas" once per turn. ● You can discard this card; add 1 "Nekroz" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. ● During either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; until the end of this turn, that target's ATK becomes 0, also that target's effects are negated.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned without using any Level 10 monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Decisive Armor" once per turn. ● During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 "Nekroz" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn. ● You can target 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, banish it.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned, without using any Level 7 monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Gungnir" once per turn. ● During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 "Nekroz" monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects this turn. ● During either player's turn: You can discard 1 "Nekroz" card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned from your hand by using 3 monsters you control with different Types, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's Main Phase 1: You can discard this card and 1 "Nekroz" Spell Card; your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck during this phase. When this card is Ritual Summoned: You can banish all other cards on the field and in the Graveyards. You cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this effect.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned without using any Level 9 monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Trishula" once per turn. ● During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Nekroz" monster(s) you control: You can discard this card; negate the activation. ● When this card is Ritual Summoned, you can: Banish exactly 3 of your opponent's cards, 1 each from their hand, field, and Graveyard. (The card in the hand is chosen at random.)
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can discard this card, then target 1 "Nekroz" card in your Graveyard, except "Nekroz of Unicore"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz of Unicore" once per turn. Negate the effects of face-up monsters on the field that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Nekroz" Ritual Spell Card. Must be Ritual Summoned without using any Level 8 monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Nekroz of Valkyrus" once per turn. ● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish 1 "Nekroz" card from your Graveyard and discard this card; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase. ● During your Main Phase: You can Tribute up to 2 monsters from your hand and/or your side of the field, and if you do, draw the same number of cards you Tributed.
A child-like creature that controls a sleep fiend to beckon enemies into eternal slumber.
The true nature of this wizard, who rules all water. It defends itself with a vast, impenetrable wall of ice.
"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" + "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" At the end of the Damage Step, if this is the only face-up card you control, and this Fusion Summoned card attacked: You can send 1 "Blue-Eyes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard; this card can attack again in a row. You can use this effect of "Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" up to twice per turn. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Blue-Eyes" monster(s) you control: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
A huge bug-like monster said to come from another planet. It gathers in swarms.
During your End Phase, if you control another face-up "Flamvell" monster, select 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard and remove it from play.
If this card is destroyed by battle, select 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard and remove it from play. If this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect, select 1 FIRE monster with 200 or less DEF in your Graveyard, except "Neo Flamvell Hedgehog", and add it to your hand.
(Quick Effect): You can send 1 FIRE monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 card in your opponent's GY; banish it. If a card(s) in your opponent's GY is banished while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can send 1 FIRE monster with 200 DEF or less from your Deck to the GY, except "Neo Flamvell Lady". You can only use each effect of "Neo Flamvell Lady" once per turn.
If you control a face-up "Flamvell" monster, except "Neo Flamvell Origin", and your opponent has 3 or less cards in their Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
While your opponent has 4 or less cards in their Graveyard, this card gains 600 ATK. While your opponent has 8 or more cards in their Graveyard, this card loses 300 ATK.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle while there are 3 or more "Flamvell" monsters in your Graveyard, select 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard, and remove it from play. If your opponent does not have any Spell Cards in their Graveyard when this effect activates, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
3 Level 9 monsters  If this card has a "Cipher" card as Xyz Material, it gains this effect.  ● Once per turn: You can detach up to 3 Xyz Materials from this card; monsters you control cannot attack your opponent directly for the rest of this turn, except this card, also for each Material detached, take control of 1 opponent's face-up monster until the End Phase, but while this effect is applied, they have their effects negated, their ATK become 4500, also their names become "Neo Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon".
3 Level 8 monsters  If this card is Xyz Summoned using "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" as any of its materials: All other face-up cards currently on the field have their effects negated. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; detach all materials from monsters your opponent controls, then this card gains 500 ATK for each, also it can attack up to that many times during each Battle Phase this turn.
You can discard this card and 1 monster, then target 1 Dragon Normal Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. If this card is sent to the GY: You can make all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 500 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Neo Kaiser Glider" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster or 1 "Elemental HERO Neos" from your hand or Deck in Defense Position. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster or 1 "Elemental HERO Neos" in your GY; Special Summon that target in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Neo Space Connector" once per turn.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard to add 1 "Neo Space" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
2+ Effect Monsters, including a "Super Quant" monster  This Link Summoned card cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Each time a "Super Quant" Xyz Monster(s) with a different name from the cards you control is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck to a zone(s) this card points to: Draw 1 card. If a face-up Xyz Monster(s) this card points to is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Quant" monster from your Deck with the same original Attribute as 1 of those destroyed Xyz Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Neo Super Quantal Mech King Blaster Magna" once per turn.
A dimensional drifter who not only practices sorcery, but is also a sword and martial arts master.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Airknight Parshath" you control. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Draw 1 card. While "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field and your Life Points are higher than your opponent's, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the difference in Life Points.
Once per turn: You can gain 500 Life Points for each card in your opponent's hand.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; look at your opponent's hand and choose 1 Monster Card in it. If you control a monster with ATK greater than or equal to the ATK of the chosen card, destroy the chosen card and inflict 500 damage to your opponent. Otherwise, take 500 damage.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, while you control this face-up card, this card's name and effects become those of that target.
This card gains 400 ATK for each Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls.
When this card attacks or is attacked: Your opponent draws 1 card. Reveal it, and based on its type apply this effect. ● Monster: End the Battle Phase. ● Spell: If this card is attacking, you can change it to a direct attack instead. ● Trap: Change this card to Defense Position.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can return both the opponent's monster and this card to the hand.
This card's name is also treated as "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin". This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "NEX". Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to look at your opponent's hand and select 1 Monster Card in it. If you control a monster with an ATK greater than or equal to the selected monster's, destroy the selected card and inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
This card's name is also treated as "Neo-Spacian Glow Moss". This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "NEX". When this card attacks or is attacked, draw 1 card. Reveal that card, and based on its type apply the proper effect: ● Monster: End the Battle Phase. ● Spell: You can change this card's attack to a direct attack. ● Trap: This monster is changed to Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 1 face-up "Elemental HERO Neos" and 1 face-up "Yubel" you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent's monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the monster it battled, and you gain Life Points equal to that monster's DEF.
2+ monsters, including a Ritual Monster  While this card is in the Extra Monster Zone, monsters your opponent controls cannot target “Nephthys” monsters in the Main Monster Zones for attacks. This card gains effects based on the number of Ritual Monsters used for its Link Summon.  ● 1+: Cannot be destroyed by battle.  ● 2+: Cannot be destroyed by card effects, also it gains 1200 ATK.  ● 3: Neither player can target this card with card effects, also it gains another 1200 ATK.
2 "Nephthys" monsters  You can only use the following effect of "Nephthys, the Sacred Preserver" once per turn. During your Main Phase, if this card was Link Summoned: You can activate 1 of these effects;  ● Add 1 Level 8 Winged Beast monster from your Deck to your hand, then you can add 1 Ritual Spell from your GY to your hand.  ● Destroy 1 "Nephthys" monster this card points to, and Special Summon 1 "Nephthys" monster with a different original name from your GY, but negate its effects.
You can send 1 "Atlantean" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince"; add 1 "Atlantean" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince". If this card is sent to the Graveyard to activate a WATER monster's effect: Target 1 "Atlantean" monster in your Graveyard, except "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Neptabyss, the Atlantean Prince" once per turn.
If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can destroy 1 face-up Plant-Type monster you control instead.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
During the Main Phase, if your opponent Normal or Special Summoned 5 or more monsters this turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute as many face-up monsters on the field as possible, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand, then Special Summon 1 "Primal Being Token" (Rock/LIGHT/Level 11/ATK ?/DEF ?) to your opponent's field. (This Token's ATK/DEF become the combined original ATK/DEF of the Tributed monsters.) You can only use this effect of "Nibiru, the Primal Being" once per turn.
You can only control 1 "Nidhegg, Generaider Boss of Ice". When your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 "Generaider" monster or Wyrm monster; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s). You can only use this effect of "Nidhogg, Generaider of Ice" once per turn.
FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target. When this card is sent from the hand to the Graveyard: Target 1 Flip Effect Monster in your Graveyard, except this card; return that target to the hand.
Change all non-Wyrm-Type Attack Position monsters that were Special Summoned from the Main or Extra Deck to Defense Position. All non-Wyrm-Type monsters that were Special Summoned from the Main or Extra Deck lose DEF equal to their original DEF.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing, but its original ATK becomes 0.
A lizard warrior protected by a hide of very tough emerald scales.
3 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to a monster on the field.
You can activate "Assault Mode Activate" the turn it is Set.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard; banish them.
This card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly even if there is a monster on your opponent's side of the field.
All face-up WATER monsters you control gain 200 ATK. When this card is flipped face-up: Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
A creature that generates nightmares to haunt an opponent, it attacks with four poisonous tails.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. During the turn this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up, you can Normal Summon 1 Spirit monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card. You must control a Spirit monster to activate and to resolve this effect.
If this card is sent from the hand or Deck to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon up to 2 Level 3 or lower "Nimble" monsters from your Deck, except "Nimble Angler".
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Nimble" monster from your Deck or GY.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can Special Summon any number of "Nimble Manta" from your Deck.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Gain 1000 Life Points, then you can Special Summon any number of "Nimble Momongas" from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can also Special Summon up to 2 "Nimble Musasabis" from your Deck to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Attack Position. This card cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, send 1 Fish-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Then, you can Special Summon 1 "Nimble Sunfish" from your Deck.
A Ninja dog who has mastered extreme Ninjutsu. Through hard training, it learned the technique to metamorphose into a human being.
If this card is in your hand or GY: You can Tribute 2 monsters; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Nine-Tailed Fox" once per turn. If this card Special Summoned from the GY attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 2 "Fox Tokens" (Zombie/FIRE/Level 2/ATK 500/DEF 500).
2+ Link Monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: Draw cards equal to the number of "World Chalice" monsters this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Ningirsu the World Chalice Warrior" once per turn. Once per turn: You can send 1 card from each player's field to the GYs. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Chalice" monster from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card from your Deck to your hand. When this card is Flip or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Ninja" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo".
2 "Ninja" monsters  During your Main Phase: You can set 1 "Ninjitsu Art" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Ninja Grandmaster Saizo" once per turn. While this card points to a monster(s), this card cannot be targeted for an attack, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-up Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a Pendulum Monster you control attacks, for that battle, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage. At the end of the Damage Step, if a Pendulum Monster you control attacked: All monsters your opponent currently controls lose ATK equal to that attacking monster's ATK, until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters  For this card's Synchro Summon, you can treat 1 Pendulum Summoned Pendulum Monster you control as a Tuner. If this card is Synchro Summoned using a Pendulum Summoned Pendulum Monster Tuner: You can target 1 card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can halve your opponent's LP. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a "Nitro" Synchro Monster: Draw 1 card.
"Nitro Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once during each of your turns, if you activated a Spell Card, this card gains 1000 ATK during the next attack this turn involving this card, during damage calculation only. If this attacking card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, after damage calculation: You can target 1 face-up Defense Position monster your opponent controls; change that target to Attack Position, then this card can make a second attack in a row, on that monster.
Swallows enemies whole and uses their essence as energy.
No one shall ever know the truth behind That fateful day. Artorigus went forth To where the brilliant sword didst lay. 'Twas the first of many feats so great, A legend through and through. We sing of him, Artorigus, the Noble and the brave. -From the Tales of the Noble Knights
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card from your Deck to the Graveyard. During either player's turn: You can target 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card and 1 appropriate monster on the field; equip that Equip Spell Card to that appropriate monster. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field. While equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card, this card becomes an Effect Monster with these effects. ● This card becomes DARK and its Level is increased by 1. During your Main Phase: You can reveal 3 "Noble Arms" cards from your Deck, have your opponent randomly add 1 of them to your hand, and send the rest to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Borz" once per turn.
This card can only attack if you control exactly 3 "Noble Knight" monsters (and no other monsters). When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon up to 2 "Noble Knight" monsters from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Noble Knight" monsters. Once per turn: You can target 3 "Noble Knight" and/or "Noble Arms" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
If you control a “Noble Arms” Equip Spell, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon “Noble Knight Custennin” once per turn this way. A “Noble Knight” monster that was Synchro, Xyz or Link Summoned using this card on the field as material gains this effect.  ●If this card is Special Summoned: You can Normal Summon 1 “Noble Knight” monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set (you can only gain this effect once per turn), also, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except “Noble Knight” monsters.
While you control another "Noble Knight" monster, your opponent cannot target your monsters with less than 1800 ATK, except this card, for attacks or with card effects. If a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card is equipped to this card: Target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Drystan" once per turn.
You can banish 2 "Noble Knight" monsters from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Eachtar" once per turn. A Synchro or Xyz Summon of a "Noble Knight" monster using this card as a Material cannot be negated, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects when that monster is Special Summoned.
If you control a LIGHT Normal Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field. While equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card, this card becomes an Effect Monster with this effect. ● You can target 1 "Noble Knight" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand, and if you do, destroy 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card you control. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Gwalchavad" once per turn.
If a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell becomes equipped to this card: You can Special Summon 1 "Noble Knight Token" (Warrior/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000), also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Noble Knight" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Noble Knight Iyvanne" once per turn. While this card is equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell, all other "Noble Knight" monsters you control gain 500 ATK.
If this card attacks, it loses 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard then target 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field. While equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card, this card becomes an Effect Monster with this effect. ● This card becomes DARK and its Level is increased by 1. Once per turn, if you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Noble Knight Medraut", and if you do, destroy 1 Equip Spell Card you control.
You can target 1 “Noble Arms” Equip Spell equipped to this card and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy them, then draw 1 card, also, this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of “Noble Knight Pellinore” once per turn.
While equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card, this card becomes DARK and its Level is increased by 1. If this card is sent to the Graveyard while equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card: Target 1 "Noble Arms" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Unless you have a "Magician" card in your other Pendulum Zone, destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a Dragon-Type Synchro Monster. If this card is used as a Synchro Material, unless all other Synchro Materials are "Odd-Eyes" monsters, place this card on the bottom of the Deck. If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 7 or higher "Odd-Eyes" monster you control; reduce its Level by 3, and if you do, Special Summon this card.
FLIP: Destroy 2 monsters on the field.
FLIP: You can target 1 of your banished "Shaddoll" monsters; Special Summon it in face-up or face-down Defense Position.  If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can target up to 3 cards in the GY(s); banish them. You can only use 1 "Noel Shaddoll Ariel" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase that target's Level by 1, until the End Phase.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Tribute this card to target 1 face-down Defense Position monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
During either player's turn, when an effect of a "Penguin" monster is activated: Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Nopenguin" once per turn. If a card would be returned from the field to the hand by the effect of a "Penguin" card, banish it instead.
2 Level 6 Spellcaster-Type monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
3+ Spellcaster Effect Monsters  Must be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is face-up on the field, you can Special Summon 1 "Airknight Parshath" instead.
If this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, you can return 1 Continuous Spell Card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
2 "Number" Xyz Monsters with the same name and Rank Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains ATK equal to the combined Ranks of all Xyz Monsters currently on the field x 1000, until the end of your opponent's turn. When this card is destroyed by card effect: You can destroy as many monsters on the field as possible (min. 1), then each player Sets 1 Spell/Trap Card from their Graveyard to their field. When an opponent's monster declares an attack while this card is in your Graveyard and you have no cards in your hand or field: You can Special Summon this card.
2 Level 4 monsters You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls in face-up Attack Position; attach it to this card as a face-up Xyz Material. You can only use this effect of "Number 101: Silent Honor ARK" once per turn. If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead.
3 Level 4 LIGHT monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve its ATK, also, negate its effects. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can detach all of its Xyz Materials instead. If you do, any battle damage you take this turn is halved.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls, whose current ATK is different from its original ATK; destroy it, and if you do, draw 1 card.
3 Level 4 monsters During either player's Battle Phase, when an opponent's monster effect is activated: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. Once per turn: You can send the top card of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
3 Level 4 monsters During either player's Battle Step, if a "Battlin' Boxer" monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of the opponent's monster until the end of the turn, that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle, also your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from that battle.
2 Level 4 monsters During either player's turn, when a monster effect is activated on your opponent's field (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; while this card is face-up on the field, that Effect Monster's effects are negated, also it cannot change its battle position.
2 Level 8 monsters  Once per Battle Phase, at the start of your Battle Phase: You can detach 1 material from this card; all other face-up monsters currently on the field have their effects negated, also their ATK and DEF become their original ATK and DEF, and if you do any of these, during the Battle Phase this turn, each time an opponent's card effect resolves, this card gains 1000 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase, also, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card.
2 Level 7 monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of that monster. This card cannot attack the turn this effect is activated.
2 Level 5 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this turn, face-up "Ninja" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
2 Level 1 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change all monsters your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position, also all monsters your opponent currently controls must attack this card this turn, if able. While you control "Number 31: Embodiment of Punishment", this card gains these effects. ● This card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects while it has Xyz Material. ● Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from attacks on this card.
2 Level 5 monsters Your opponent takes any effect damage you would have taken from their card effects, instead. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all monsters on the field whose current ATK is less than or equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard.
2 Level 8 monsters Up to twice per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy it, then if it was an Xyz Monster, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); that type of card (if Spell or Trap) cannot be activated, or (if Monster) cannot activate its effects, until the end of your opponent's next turn.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains 500 ATK. If this card has no Xyz Material, it cannot attack your opponent directly.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per Chain, during either player's turn, if 2 or more monsters with the same name are on the field: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; choose 1 monster among those with the same name, and destroy all other monsters with that name. While this card remains face-up on the field, your opponent cannot Summon monsters with the same name as any of the monster(s) chosen for this card's effect. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can send 2 "Heraldic Beast" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.
2 Level 5 monsters Once per turn, if an Xyz Monster you control would activate an effect by detaching an Xyz Material(s), you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead of 1 of those Xyz Materials.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all face-up monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK.
2 Level 6 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by detaching 1 Xyz Material from a Rank 5 Xyz Monster you control, then using that Xyz Monster as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains 1000 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.
2 Level 8 DARK monsters Must be Xyz Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, that face-up card has its effects negated until the end of this turn.
2 Level 8 monsters This card can attack your opponent directly while it has Xyz Material. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or another monster's effect, is activated: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation.
2 Level 6 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; change it to face-down Defense Position. If this face-up card in its owner's control is sent to your Graveyard or banished by your opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position. If this card is flipped face-up: Send 1 card on the field to the Graveyard.
2 Level 6 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Level 5 or higher Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate the effects of that opponent's face-up monster, until the end of the turn.
2 Level 3 monsters  At the start of the Battle Phase: You can detach 1 material from this card; during this Battle Phase, a player can only attack with 1 monster, and its attack(s) becomes a direct attack. You can only use this effect of "Number 26: Spaceway Octobypass" once per turn. At the end of the Damage Step, if a monster inflicted battle damage by a direct attack: Give control of the monster that attacked to the turn player's opponent.
2+ Level 4 monsters  At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Rank 10 or higher Machine Xyz Monster by using this face-up card you control as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Number 27: Dreadnought Dreadnoid" once per turn. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 material from this card instead.
2 Level 7 monsters  If you control no other monsters, this card can attack directly, but when it does so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand.
2 Level 2 monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon it to your opponent's field. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's field (except during the Damage Step) while this monster is on the field: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard with the same Type or Attribute as that monster. You can only use this effect of "Number 29: Mannequin Cat" once per turn.
2 Level 3 monsters During your Standby Phase: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card or take 2000 damage. You cannot Special Summon any monsters. While this card has no Xyz Materials, it cannot attack.
2 Level 1 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change all monsters your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position, also all monsters your opponent currently controls must attack this card this turn, if able. While you control "Number 13: Embodiment of Crime", this card gains these effects. ● This card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects while it has Xyz Material. ● Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from attacks on this card.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn, when this attacking card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon the destroyed monster to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Attack Position, also it loses 1000 ATK, and if you do Summon this way, this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase.
2 Level 5 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between its original ATK and current ATK, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the damage inflicted.
3 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 Level 4 or lower Attack Position monster your opponent controls; gain control of it until the End Phase.
2 Level 10 monsters All monsters you control gain ATK and DEF equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent's. While this card has Xyz Material, each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), inflict 600 damage to your opponent. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to this card's.
2 Level 4 "Chronomaly" monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. You can Tribute 1 "Chronomaly" monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls, whose current ATK is different from its original ATK; destroy that target.
2 Level 4 WATER monsters When any player's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. When this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 other monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark" once per turn.
2 Level 8 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell Card or effect is activated on the field: You can negate that effect, and if you do, attach that card to this card as Xyz Material. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation. If a face-up Xyz Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; it gains ATK equal to 1 of those destroyed monster's original ATK.
2 Level 4 monsters When any player's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the attack. When this card is targeted for an attack, while it has no Xyz Materials: Destroy this card.
2 Level 6 monsters If this card is Xyz Summoned: The ATK of all monsters your opponent currently controls become 0. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control and 1 "Utopia" monster in your Graveyard; banish the first target, and if you do, Special Summon the second target, then gain 1250 LP.
2 Level 4 monsters  (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; add 1 "Double or Nothing!" from your Deck to your hand, then Special Summon 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Number 39: Utopia Double", by using this face-up card you control as material, and if you do, double its ATK, but it cannot attack directly. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer this card's materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Number 39: Utopia Double" once per turn.
2 Level 1 monsters When any player's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the attack, and if you negated an Xyz Monster's attack, this card gains ATK equal to that monster's Rank x 500.
2 Level 8 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; place 1 String Counter on each face-up monster on the field, except this card. If you do, during your opponent's next End Phase: Destroy the monsters with String Counters, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.
2 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, detach 1 material from this card. If you cannot, destroy it. This Attack Position card cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Your opponent cannot target this Attack Position card with card effects. While this card is in face-up Defense Position, change all face-up monsters on the field to Defense Position, also negate the activated effects of monsters that were in Defense Position when that effect was activated.
2 Level 7 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; Special Summon as many "Battle Eagle Tokens" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 6/ATK 2000/DEF 0) as possible, destroy them during the End Phase of this turn, also your opponent takes no further battle damage this turn.
3 Level 2 DARK monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Number" monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. While equipped with a "Number" card, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn, when you gain LP (except during the Damage Step): You can make this card gain an equal amount of ATK, also inflict that much damage to your opponent if this card is still face-up on the field.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it, unless your opponent pays 1000 LP to negate this effect.
2 or more Level 2 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 other face-up card on the field; while this monster is face-up on the field, that target has its effects negated. While that target is on the field, cards with the same name as that target, and their effects, cannot be activated.
2 Level 8 Dragon-Type monsters Once per turn, if you control no other monsters: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects. ● Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand. ● Target 1 Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target. ● Dragon-Type monsters your opponent controls cannot activate their effects until the end of your opponent's turn.
2 Level 3 monsters When this card is Special Summoned: You can attach 1 Level 3 WATER monster from your hand or your side of the field to this card as an Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 WATER monster you control; this turn, that monster can attack your opponent directly, also other monsters cannot attack.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Phantom Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 500/DEF 500). (This is a Quick Effect.) While you control a "Phantom Token", your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. This card gains 500 ATK for each "Phantom Token" you control.
2 Level 3 monsters During each of your Standby Phases: Gain 500 Life Points. This card cannot be targeted by card effects. If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 2 Level 3 monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle them both into the Deck, and if you do, return this card from your Graveyard to the Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Number 49: Fortune Tune" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to this card's; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
3 Level 3 monsters Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; place 1 Counter on this card (max. 3). At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled, and has 3 of these Counters: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change this card's DEF to 0, and if you do, change its ATK to 3000. These changes last until the end of this turn. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is attacked, change it to Attack Position at the end of the Damage Step if it has no Xyz Materials. You can only control 1 "Number 52: Diamond Crab King".
3 Level 5 monsters Once per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack: It gains ATK equal to that attacking monster's original ATK, until the End Phase. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. When this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect while it has no Xyz Materials: You can Special Summon 1 "Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon" from your Extra Deck and attach this card from the Graveyard to it as an Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.)
3 Level 1 monsters This face-up Attack Position card cannot be destroyed by battle. When you take battle damage from battles involving this card: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the amount of battle damage you took. If this card battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from that battle.
2 Level 4 monsters All monsters you control gain 800 DEF. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Level 4 EARTH Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Number 55: Gogogo Goliath" once per turn.
3 Level 1 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; draw 1 card, then shuffle 1 card from your hand into the Deck.
3 Level 4 monsters When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; this card gains ATK equal to that monster's current ATK. If your opponent controls more cards than you do: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then choose 1 unused Monster Card Zone or Spell & Trap Card Zone; while this card is face-up on the field, that Card Zone cannot be used.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. The equipped monster can attack your opponent directly. When the equipped monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can discard 1 card; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
2 Level 4 monsters While you control no other cards on the field, this card is unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy as many other cards you control as possible, then this card gains 300 ATK until the end of this turn for each monster destroyed by this effect and sent to the Graveyard.
2+ Level 5 monsters  Gains 1000 ATK for each material attached to it. While this card has material, it can attack all your opponent's monsters, once each. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: You can activate 1 of these effects;  ● Target 1 monster in your GY; attach it to this card as material.  ● Target 1 card in your opponent's GY; place it on top of their Deck.
2 Level 4 monsters  You can detach 2 materials from this card, then activate 1 of the following effects;  ● Skip your next Draw Phase, also draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.  ● Skip your next Main Phase 1, also Special Summon 1 monster from your GY in Defense Position.  ● Skip the Battle Phase of your next turn, also double the ATK of 1 monster you control until the end of this turn.  You can only use this effect of "Number 60: Dugares the Timeless" once per turn.
2 Level 5 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that opponent's monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. This card cannot attack your opponent directly during the turn you activate this effect.
2 Level 8 monsters  If this card battles, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card once per battle; this card gains ATK equal to the combined Ranks of all Xyz Monsters currently on the field x 200, during that damage calculation only. If this card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while it has "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" as Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation and double its ATK. Any battle damage this card inflicts to your opponent is halved unless it has "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" as Xyz Material.
2 Level 1 monsters You can only use the effect of "Number 63: Shamoji Soldier" once per turn. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects; ● At the start of your opponent's next Standby Phase, each player draws 1 card. ● Each player gains 1000 Life Points.
2 Level 2 Beast-Type monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Kagemusha Raccoon Token" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK ?/DEF 0). (When Summoned, its ATK becomes equal to the current ATK of the monster on the field that has the highest ATK. Your choice, if tied.) While you control another Beast-Type monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
2 Level 2 DARK monsters During either player's turn, when an effect of an opponent's monster is activated: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
2 Level 4 DARK monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card you control, except this card; while this card is face-up on the field, that card(s) cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can send one of its targets to the Graveyard instead.
2+ Level 5 monsters  Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can detach 2 materials from this card; each player rolls a six-sided die twice. The player with the higher total cannot activate monster effects or declare an attack, until the end of the next turn. Once per turn, if either player rolls a six-sided die (or dice) while this card has material, you can treat one of the results as 7.
2 Level 8 monsters  Gains 100 ATK and DEF for each monster in the GYs. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; until the end of your opponent's turn, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects, also neither player can Special Summon monsters from the GYs.
3 Level 4 monsters When this card is Special Summoned: Negate the effects of all other face-up Xyz Monsters currently on the field. You can target 1 other face-up Xyz Monster on the field; until the End Phase, this card's name and original effect become the same as that monster. You can only use this effect of "Number 69: Heraldry Crest" once per turn.
2 Level 6 monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Number" monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. This card gains ATK equal to half the ATK of that equipped monster. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then send the monster equipped by this effect to the Graveyard; halve your opponent's Life Points. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.
2 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it until your opponent's next Standby Phase. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: You can make this card gain 300 ATK, and if you do, increase its Rank by 3.
2 Level 3 monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster in your GY, except "Number 71: Rebarian Shark"; Special Summon it, and if you do, attach 1 material from this card to it. If this card is sent to the GY: You can choose 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.
2 Level 6 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy them, but any battle damage your opponent takes is halved for the rest of this turn.
2 Level 5 WATER monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; double this card's ATK until the end of your opponent's turn, also, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent this turn is halved.
2 Level 7 monsters During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can destroy 1 card on the field.
2+ Level 3 monsters  Once per turn, when an opponent's monster activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can detach 2 materials from this card; the activated effect becomes "both players draw 1 card". You can target 1 other "Number" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. (Transfer its materials to that monster.) You can only use this effect of "Number 75: Bamboozling Gossip Shadow" once per turn.
2 Level 7 monsters  This card's Attribute is also treated as each of its attached materials' Attributes. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster of the same Attribute, also cannot be destroyed by the activated effects of your opponent's monsters with the same Attribute. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; detach 1 material from this card, and if you do, attach that target to this card as material. You can only use this effect of "Number 76: Harmonizer Gradielle" once per turn.
2 Level 12 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 10 or 11 DARK Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.)  If Summoned this way, the following effect cannot be activated this turn. Once per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; banish as many Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls as possible, then attach 1 of those banished monsters to this card as Xyz Material. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead.
2 Level 1 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; your opponent randomly chooses 1 card in your Extra Deck, and if it is a "Number" monster that has a number between "1" and "99" in its name, Special Summon it by using this face-up card you control as the Xyz Material, but banish that monster during the End Phase, also you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to this card also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can attach 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card as an Xyz Material. This card gains 100 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target Level 4 or lower "Battlin' Boxer" monsters in your Graveyard, up to the number of Xyz Materials this card had on the field; Special Summon those targets.
3 Level 7 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; roll a six-sided die twice and this card's ATK becomes the larger number rolled × 700 until your opponent's next End Phase, then if the total roll was exactly 7, apply 1 of these effects. ● Send all other cards on the field to the Graveyard. ● Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or from either Graveyard. ● Draw 3 cards, then discard 2 cards.
2 Level 4 monsters You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; equip this monster you control to that target. It gains 1200 ATK. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target. You can use this effect of "Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk" up to twice per turn.
2 Level 10 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target is unaffected by card effects, except for its own effects, until the end of this turn.
2 Level 4 monsters While you control a face-up Spell Card(s), this card cannot be targeted for attacks. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this turn, this card can attack your opponent directly, but other monsters cannot attack.
3 Level 1 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; until the opponent's next End Phase, the monsters you currently control cannot be destroyed by battle, and if they attack a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
2 Level 11 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 8, 9, or 10 DARK Xyz Monster you control with 2 or more Xyz Materials as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains DEF equal to the combined Ranks of all Xyz Monsters you control x 200. While this card has Xyz Material, each time your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, inflict 600 damage to your opponent immediately after it resolves. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with DEF less than or equal to this card's.
2 Level 4 monsters This card cannot attack. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; roll a six-sided die and apply the result. 1: Halve your Life Points. 2: Draw 1 card. 3: Your opponent discards 1 card. 4: Negate the effects of 1 face-up card on the field, until the end of this turn. 5: Destroy 1 card on the field. 6: Destroy this card.
2 or more (max. 5) Level 4 Warrior-Type monsters During each of your opponent's End Phases: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card. This card gains effects based on the number of Xyz Materials attached to it. ● 1 or more: Cannot be destroyed by battle. ● 2 or more: Gains 1500 ATK and DEF. ● 3 or more: Unaffected by other card effects. ● 4 or more: Your opponent cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters. ● 5: Once per turn: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls.
3 Level 8 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; while this card is face-up on the field, that Set card cannot be activated. ● Target 1 Plant-Type monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position. ● Target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target gains 300 ATK.
3 Level 8 monsters Once per turn, if you have no cards in your Spell & Trap Card Zone: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, and if you do, place 1 Destiny Counter on this card. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. When 3 Destiny Counters are on this card, you win the Duel.
2 Level 7 monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; look at your opponent's Extra Deck and banish 1 monster from it, face-down. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle: You can target 1 card in your opponent's GY; banish it, face-down. If a card your opponent owns and possesses is banished face-down while you control this card (except during the Damage Step): You can banish cards from the top of your opponent's Deck, face-down, equal to their face-down banished cards. You can only use this effect of "Number 89: Diablosis the Mind Hacker" once per turn.
2 Level 4 "Heraldic Beast" monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls; this card's name and original ATK become that monster's name and current ATK, and this card's effect becomes that monster's original effect, then that monster's ATK becomes 0 and its effects are negated. These changes last until the End Phase.
2 Level 8 monsters  If this card has a "Photon" card as material, it cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Number 90: Galaxy-Eyes Photon Lord" once per turn.  ●When an opponent's monster activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; negate that monster's effect, and if the detached material was a "Galaxy" card, destroy that card.  ●During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can take 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" card from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or attach it to this card as material.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn, you can activate 1 of these effects. ● Detach 3 Xyz Materials from this card; destroy all other face-up monsters on the field. ● Detach 5 Xyz Materials from this card; destroy all cards your opponent controls.
3 Level 9 monsters This card cannot be destroyed by battle, also your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from battles involving this card. During your opponent's End Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; banish all cards your opponent currently controls that were Normal or Special Summoned, or were Set, this turn. If this card is destroyed while it has Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. When you do: It gains 1000 ATK for every card currently banished.
2 or more "Number" Xyz Monsters, with the same Rank, that have Xyz Material Once per turn: You can Special Summon Rank 9 or lower "Number" monsters with 3000 or less ATK that have different Ranks from each other from your Extra Deck, up to the number of Xyz Materials with different names attached to this card, but their effects are negated, then detach 1 Xyz Material from this card. For the rest of this turn, unless this effect was negated, you cannot Special Summon, and any battle damage your opponent takes becomes halved. While you control another "Number" Xyz Monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
2 Level 5 WATER monsters  During either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; its ATK becomes half its current ATK until the end of your turn.
3 Level 9 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Galaxy-Eyes" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon. When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can send 3 Dragon-Type monsters with different names from your Deck to the Graveyard; your opponent banishes 3 monsters from their Deck. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.
3 Level 2 monsters Once per battle, during either player's turn, when an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's monster: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; halve the ATK of the opponent's monster, and if you do, this card gains that same amount of ATK.
2 Level 8 monsters  Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. You can detach 1 material from this card; take 2 Dragon "Number" monsters with different names from your Extra Deck and/or GY, except "Number 97: Draglubion", Special Summon 1 of them and attach the other to it as material, also for the rest of this turn you cannot Special Summon other monsters, or declare an attack, except with that Special Summoned monster. You can only use this effect of "Number 97: Draglubion" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters When any player's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; change that monster to Defense Position. During either player's turn, while this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Utopia" monster on the field; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, attach that monster to this card as an Xyz Material. You can only use this effect of "Number 98: Antitopian" once per turn.
3 Level 10 monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by discarding 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card and using a "Utopia" monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Once per turn: You can target 1 "Number" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. During either player's turn, when a monster effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
2 Level 9 monsters Once per Battle Step, during your opponent's turn, if this card with Xyz Material is attacked: Negate the attack (this is a Quick Effect). When this card is targeted for an attack while it has no Xyz Materials: You can target 2 monsters in your Graveyard; attach those targets to this card as Xyz Materials. During your Main Phase 1: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card can attack your opponent directly this turn. Your opponent must control a monster with higher ATK than this card for you to activate and to resolve this effect.
3 Level 5 monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; attach it to this card as a face-up Xyz Material. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard while it has Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, then gain LP equal to the original ATK of this card. "Number 101: Silent Honor ARK" must be in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card is Special Summoned this way, it cannot attack for the rest of this turn.
4 Level 5 LIGHT monsters If this face-up card would be destroyed, you can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card instead. If the last Xyz Material(s) is detached from this card: Inflict 1500 damage to your opponent. If this card has "Number 102: Star Seraph Sentry" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target's ATK to 0, and if you do, negate its effects.
3 Level 5 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between that monster's original ATK and current ATK, and if you do, banish it. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard while it has Xyz Material: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. "Number 103: Ragnazero" must be in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
4 Level 5 monsters When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target. If this card has "Number 104: Masquerade" as an Xyz material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a monster effect is activated on your opponent's side of the field: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, then you can send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, halve your opponent's Life Points.
4 Level 5 monsters When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's original ATK. If this card has "Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK on the field.
3 Level 5 monsters If this card has a "Number" monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated on the field: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, and if you do, negate the effects of all other face-up cards currently on the field, until the end of this turn.
3 Level 9 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; until the end of this turn, negate the effects of all other face-up cards currently on the field, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects on the field. If this card has "Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● You can Tribute 2 monsters; this card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.
3 Level 9 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, and it was a monster, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
4 Level 4 WATER monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Number 32: Shark Drake" you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) During either player's turn, if your Life Points are 1000 or less: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and banish 1 monster from your Graveyard to target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target's ATK and DEF become 0 until the End Phase.
3 Level 4 LIGHT monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Number 39: Utopia" you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; it gains 500 ATK and 1 monster your opponent controls loses 1000 ATK, until the End Phase. You must have 1000 Life Points or less to activate and to resolve this effect.
3 Level 5 monsters When this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect): You can target 1 Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; return that target to the Extra Deck. If this card has a "Utopia" monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK on the field.
3 Level 5 monsters If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card has a "Utopia" monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● When this card declares an attack on a face-up monster your opponent controls: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate that opponent's face-up monster's effects, also this card gains ATK equal to that opponent's monster's ATK. These changes last until the end of this turn.
3 Level 9 monsters When this card is Special Summoned: Destroy the monsters with String Counters, and if you do, draw 1 card, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the highest original ATK among those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard (your choice, if tied). Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; place 1 String Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls.
4 Level 3 DARK monsters  All Tokens you control can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this card has "Number 43: Manipulator of Souls" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.  ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Manipulator Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK ?/DEF ?). (When Summoned, its ATK and DEF each become equal to half the opponent's current LP.)
3 or more Level 6 monsters This card gains 1000 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. If this card attacks, at the end of the Damage Step: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card can attack an opponent's monster again in a row. At the end of the Battle Phase: You can pay half your Life Points, then target 2 cards in any Graveyard(s); place 1 of them on top of the Deck, and if you do, attach the other to this card as an Xyz Material.
3 Level 3 DARK monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 1000 ATK and DEF. While this card has "Number 65: Djinn Buster" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Effect Monsters your opponent controls cannot activate their effects.
4 Level 5 monsters When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls. If this card has "Number 69: Heraldry Crest" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls; this card gains ATK equal to that face-up monster's original ATK, and if it gains ATK this way, this card's name becomes that monster's, and it gains that monster's original effect. These effects last until the End Phase.
3 Level 7 monsters If you activate any of this card's effects, your opponent takes no further damage this turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card as an Equip Spell Card whose effect makes this card gain 1000 ATK. If this card has "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● You can detach 3 Xyz Materials from this card and send all "Number" monsters equipped by this card's effect to the Graveyard (min. 1); make your opponent's Life Points 100.
3 Level 6 monsters If a monster you control battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card once per battle; your battling monster gains ATK equal to the ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling, during that damage calculation only. If this card has "Number 73: Abyss Splash" as Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● This card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
3 Level 5 monsters You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; equip this monster you control to that target. It gains 2000 ATK. If a monster equipped with this card would be destroyed, destroy this card instead. If this card has "Number 80: Rhapsody in Berserk" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; banish that target.
4 Level 9 monsters Must be Special Summoned with a "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card targeting "Number 88: Gimmick Puppet of Leo", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be targeted by card effects. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. During your End Phase, if your opponent's Life Points are 2000 or less, and this card has no Xyz Materials, you win the Duel.
4 Level 10 monsters Cannot be destroyed by battle. When a monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You gain Life Points equal to the damage they took. If this card has "Number 92: Heart-eartH Dragon" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. This activation and effect cannot be negated.
4 Level 3 DARK monsters This card cannot be destroyed by battle, also all battle damage you take from battles involving this card is also inflicted to your opponent. If this card has "Number 96: Dark Mist" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per battle, during either player's turn, when an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's monster: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; the ATK of that opponent's monster becomes 0, and if it does, this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the opponent's monster.
3 Level 10 monsters At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can attach that monster to this card as a face-up Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Xyz Material attached to this card. If this card has "Number 9: Dyson Sphere" as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can detach any number of Xyz Materials from this card; inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each.
2 Xyz Monsters with the same Rank, except "Number" monsters (This card's original Rank is always treated as 1.) Cannot be destroyed by battle, and neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can take control of that opponent's monster until the end of the Battle Phase. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by a card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead.
2 Xyz Monsters with the same Rank, except "Number" monsters  (This card's original Rank is always treated as 1.)  You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Utopia" monster or "Number F0: Utopic Future" you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Gains 500 ATK for each "Number" Xyz Monster in the GY. Cannot be destroyed by battle. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; this card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
3 "Number" Xyz Monsters with the same Rank  (This card's original Rank is always treated as 1.) You can also Xyz Summon this card by discarding 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Normal Spell Card, then using a "Utopia" monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Transfer its Xyz Materials to this card.) This card's Xyz Summon cannot be negated. When Xyz Summoned, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated. Gains 1000 ATK and DEF for each Xyz Material attached to it. Once per opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated this turn.
3 Level 4 LIGHT monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "Number 39: Utopia" you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If your opponent's LP is at least 3000 higher than yours: You can detach 3 Xyz Materials from this card and pay LP so that you only have 10 left; destroy as many Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, banish them, then inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each monster banished.
3 Level 5 LIGHT monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by using a Rank 4 "Utopia" monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon. If this card battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. Once per Chain, during damage calculation in either player's turn, if this card battles an opponent's monster while this card has a "Utopia" Xyz Monster as Xyz Material: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; this card's ATK becomes 5000 during that damage calculation only.
2+ Level 10 monsters  If a monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target that monster; Special Summon it to your field in Defense Position. You can target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster you control, except this card; gain LP equal to that monster’s original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Number XX: Utopic Dark Infinity" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned, select 1 unused Monster Card Zone. While this card is face-up on the field, that selected Monster Card Zone cannot be used.
Neither player can Special Summon monsters with 1800 or less ATK.
If this card is Summoned: Return all "Number" Xyz Monsters on the field to the Extra Deck. Neither player can Special Summon "Number" Xyz Monsters. Cannot be destroyed by battle with an Xyz Monster. This card is unaffected by the effects of Xyz Monsters.
If this monster is Normal Summoned, destroy this card. If your opponent controls any monster, decrease the ATK of this card by 200 points for each monster on your opponent's side of the field.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have a "Magician" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can add 1 face-up "Magician" or "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand, except "Oafdragon Magician". You can only use this effect of "Oafdragon Magician" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Magician" Pendulum Monster or 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster in your Graveyard, except "Oafdragon Magician"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Oafdragon Magician" once per turn.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. When Normal Summoned, cards and effects cannot be activated. Cannot be targeted by Spells, Traps, or card effects. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Send it to the Graveyard. You can Tribute 2 monsters; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. This card cannot declare an attack the turn this effect is activated.
An ill-mannered field varmint that will sink its teeth into anything.
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has 1900 or more ATK.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters / You can only control 1 "Oboro-Guruma, the Wheeled Mayakashi". You can only use each of these effects of "Oboro-Guruma, the Wheeled Mayakashi" once per turn.  ● If a Synchro Monster in your possession whose original Level is 5 is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in the GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card.  ● If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can activate this effect; this turn, your monsters cannot be destroyed by battle.
Negate the effects of Spell and Trap Cards that target only 1 face-up DARK monster you control, and destroy them.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 "Levia-Dragon - Daedalus". You can send "Umi" you control to the Graveyard to send all cards in both players' hands and on the field to the Graveyard, except this card.
During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card is destroyed by battle, add 1 "Thousand-Eyes Jellyfish" or 1 "Cranium Fish" from your Deck to your hand.
With the head of a fish and the legs of an octopus, this strange creature attacks enemies by flinging spears.
Frightening in appearance, this creature uses its large eyes and ears to keep track of any movement.
2 Level 7 monsters When any player's monster declares an attack: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the attack, then you can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your hand or Graveyard. If this Xyz Summoned card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Extra Deck, except "Odd-Eyes Absolute Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Odd-Eyes Absolute Dragon" once per turn.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Level 5 or higher monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK. When this card destroys a monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position, except "Odd-Eyes Advance Dragon". You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Advance Dragon" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If an "Odd-Eyes" card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Arc Pendulum Dragon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Made from miracles, this valiant and beautiful dragon has gleaming eyes that reflect an arc drawn in the sky.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of that monster in the Graveyard.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Odd-Eyes Advent". When this card is Special Summoned: You can return all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls to the hand. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Gravity Dragon" once per turn. Your opponent must pay 500 LP to activate card effects.
If a Pendulum Monster you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If an "Odd-Eyes" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 "Odd-Eyes" card in your hand, Monster Zone, or Pendulum Zone instead.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it, also this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Meteorburst Dragon" once per turn. Monsters in your opponent's possession cannot activate their effects during the Battle Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if a face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can destroy 1 card in your Pendulum Zone, and if you do, place 1 face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zone, except "Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon".  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During either player's turn, while an "Odd-Eyes" card is in your Pendulum Zone: You can target 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster you control; the first time it would be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn, it is not destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can reduce the battle damage you take from an attack involving a Pendulum Monster you control to 0. During your End Phase: You can destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Pendulum Monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each Pendulum Effect of "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card battles an opponent's monster, any battle damage this card inflicts to your opponent is doubled.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, during the End Phase, if your opponent activated a card or effect this turn that targeted exactly 1 "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster you controlled (and no other cards) while this card was in your Pendulum Zone: Special Summon this card, and if you do, place 1 face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zone, except "Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon".  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; it has its effects negated, until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can discard 1 card; add 1 face-up Dragon Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones and a face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You cannot Pendulum Summon the turn you activate this effect. If this card attacks an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: You can make that opponent's monster lose 1000 ATK for each face-up Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck, during that damage calculation only. You can only use each monster effect of "Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a face-up monster you control and an opponent's monster, if you have an "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can make that monster you control gain 1200 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this Pendulum Summoned card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by attacking: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the number of "Odd-Eyes" cards in your Pendulum Zones x 1200. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can place 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  2 Level 7 Dragon-Type monsters  If you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place it in your Pendulum Zone. If this card is Xyz Summoned using an Xyz Monster as Material, it gains these effects.  ● It can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.  ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy as many cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each, until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can place 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  2 Level 7 Dragon-Type monsters  If you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card in your Extra Deck. If this card is Xyz Summoned by using an Xyz Monster as a Material: Destroy as many Level 7 or lower monsters your opponent controls as possible, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed, and if you do, this card can make 3 attacks during each Battle Phase this turn. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can destroy as many cards in your Pendulum Zones as possible (min. 1), and if you do, place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except Dragon monsters. This effect cannot be negated. You can target 1 Dragon Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster in your GY; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be either Pendulum Summoned from the hand, or Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 Dragon monsters (1 Fusion, 1 Synchro, and 1 Xyz). You can discard this card and pay 500 LP; add 1 Level 8 or lower Dragon Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. Gains ATK/DEF equal to half your opponent's LP. Once per turn: You can pay half your LP; shuffle all other cards on the field and in the GYs into the Deck.
If this card is in your hand: You can Tribute 1 LIGHT monster; send 1 "Odd-Eyes Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or your side of the field to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon this card. When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 Fusion Monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK for each monster your opponent controls, until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  1 "Starving Venom" monster + 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster  Must be Fusion Summoned, and can then be Pendulum Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, this card gains ATK equal to its ATK, and if it does, this card's name becomes that monster's original name, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Pendulum Zone, and if you do, place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
1 "Odd-Eyes" monster + 1 Pendulum Monster When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand. During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card or another monster's effect is activated: You can shuffle 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck into the Deck, negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Odd-Eyes Vortex Dragon" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if a monster you control battles an opponent's monster, before damage calculation: You can make that monster you control gain ATK equal to the current ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling until the end of the Damage Step (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner "Clear Wing" monster  If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; it has its effects negated until the end of this turn.  ● During the Battle Phase, if you control this Synchro Summoned monster (Quick Effect): You can destroy all Level 5 or higher monsters your opponent controls.
If this card is in your hand: You can Tribute 1 DARK monster; send 1 "Odd-Eyes Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck or GY, except "Odd-Eyes Wizard Dragon", then you can add 1 "Spiral Flame Strike" from your Deck to your hand.
1 "Nordic Ascendant" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can make this card be unaffected by Spell/Trap effects until the the end of this turn. During the End Phase, if this face-up card you controlled was destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard this turn: You can banish 1 "Nordic Ascendant" Tuner monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card. When Summoned this way: You can draw 1 card.
An ogre possessed by the powers of the dark. Few can withstand its rapid charge.
During your opponent's turn, when your opponent declares a second direct attack during the same Battle Phase, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When you do, this card's ATK and DEF becomes equal to the ATK and DEF of the first monster that attacked directly this turn, if it is still face-up on the field. The turn this card is Special Summoned with this effect, your opponent cannot select monsters other than this card as an attack target while this card is face-up on the field.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Machine-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, if the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Draw 1 card. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
He's one of the Ojama Trio. It's said that he butts in by any means necessary. It's also said that when the three are together, something happens.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 2 "Ojama" cards from your Deck to your hand (this can include "Ojamuscle").
3 Beast monsters, including an "Ojama" monster  While "Ojama Country" is in a Field Zone, this card gains 3000 ATK, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects. Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from attacks on this card. You can target 1 "Ojama" non-Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Fusion Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Ojama Emperor" once per turn.
He's one of the Ojama Trio. It's said that he butts in by any means necessary. It's also said that when the three are together, something happens.
"Ojama Green" + "Ojama Yellow" + "Ojama Black" Select up to 3 of your opponent's Monster Card Zones. The selected zones cannot be used.
1 "Ojama" monster + 1 "Ojama" monster  Select up to 2 of your opponent's Monster Card Zones. The selected zones cannot be used.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can Special Summon up to 4 "Ojama" monsters from your hand in Attack Position.
He's one of the Ojama Trio. It's said that he butts in by any means necessary. It's also said that when the three are together, something happens.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can return all Rank 4 Xyz Monsters on the field to the Extra Deck. If you Fusion Summon using this card as Fusion Material: Draw 1 card. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● If it is Xyz Summoned: Draw 1 card.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is sent from the Monster Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip this card from your Graveyard to that monster. That monster cannot attack, also its effects are negated. If this card leaves the field while equipped to an opponent's monster by this effect: Take control of the monster this card was equipped to.
FLIP: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when that monster was destroyed) or hand (even if not), but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; discard 1 card, and if you do, add 1 monster with the same Type and Attribute as the targeted monster, but a different name, from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Omni Dragon Brotaur" once per turn.
This dangerous creature brandishes a soul-sucking sword.
This dragon wears a shield not only for its own protection, but also for ramming its enemies.
3 Level 4 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls; this card's name and original effect become the same as that monster. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
2 "Dream Mirror" monsters with different Attributes  While face-up on the field, this card is also DARK-Attribute. You can only use each of the following effects of "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking" once per turn.  ● If another monster you control is Tributed (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.  ● If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon 1 "Dream Mirror" monster from your GY, except "Oneiros, the Dream Mirror Erlking".
An armored tank possessed by a fiend that will pursue enemies until they're crushed.
This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
Cannot attack the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, "Melodious" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
They are oppressed, but believe they will have their freedom someday.
A one-eyed giant that serves the "Dark Ruler Ha Des", it skewers its enemies with its sharp horn, shattering them to pieces.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Fire Ant Ascator" or "Supay" from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is flipped face-up: Place 1 You Got It Boss! Counter on it. You can remove all You Got It Boss! Counters on this card; its ATK becomes 2000. After you change this card's ATK with this effect, it cannot attack your opponent directly for the rest of this turn, and is sent to the Graveyard during the End Phase. You can Tribute this card to target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 5 or more monsters in your GY, and no monsters in your GY with the same name. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY; destroy 1 card on the field. You must have at least 2 monsters in your GY, and no monsters with the same name, to activate and to resolve this effect.
By Tributing 1 "Torpedo Fish" on your side of the field, destroy 1 monster on the field. By Tributing 1 "Cannonball Spear Shellfish" on your side of the field, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Orcust" monster from your hand, except "Orcust Brass Bombard", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters. You can only use this effect of "Orcust Brass Bombard" once per turn.
You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Orcust" monster in your GY, except "Orcust Cymbal Skeleton"; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters. You can only use this effect of "Orcust Cymbal Skeleton" once per turn.
You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Orcust" monster from your Deck, except "Orcust Harp Horror", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters. You can only use this effect of "Orcust Harp Horror" once per turn.
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a Link Monster. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon monsters, except DARK monsters, for the rest of this turn, also send 1 DARK Machine monster from your Deck to the GY, except "Orcust Knightmare", and if you do, the targeted monster gains ATK equal to the Level of the monster sent to the GY x 100, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Orcust Knightmare" once per turn.
2+ Effect Monsters, including an "Orcust" monster  This linked card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You can target 3 of your banished Machine monsters; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, the ATK/DEF of any linked monster(s) your opponent currently controls become 0, also their effects are negated. You can only use this effect of "Orcustrion" once per turn.
2 Level 7 monsters Once per turn: You can send 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard; look at a number of cards from the top of your Deck equal to the Level that the sent monster had in the hand or on the field, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; choose a number from 1 to 3, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, and if you do, return up to that many cards from the field to the hand (min. 1), except this card. Also, place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can roll a six-sided die 3 times and this card gains ATK/DEF equal to the total x 100 (until the end of your opponent's turn), then, if 2 of the results were the same, apply the appropriate effect. If all 3 were the same, apply all of these effects.  ●1 or 2: This card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, until the end of your opponent's turn.  ●3 or 4: Draw 2 cards.  ●5 or 6: This card can attack directly this turn.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. If a Normal Monster you control is destroyed by battle, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card gains 1000 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. Face-up Level 4 Normal Monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by card effects.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: Target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; banish that target.
None have lived to tell tales of this powerful battle fairy.
2+ Level 9 monsters  You can only control 1 "Ormungandr, Generaider Boss of Eternity". This card's original ATK/DEF are equal to the number of materials attached to it x 1000. (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card; each player draws 1 card, then each player who drew attaches 1 card from their hand or field to this card as material. You can only use this effect of "Ormungandr, Generaider Boss of Eternity" once per turn.
A strange warrior from another dimension.
While you control this face-up Attack Position card, your opponent cannot select a monster other than "Oshaleon" as an attack target. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Reptile-Type monster with 500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target's battle position.
3 Level 5 monsters  You can also Xyz Summon this card by using an "Outer Entity" Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Cannot be used as material for an Xyz Summon. After this card was Xyz Summoned, your opponent cannot activate monster effects for the rest of that turn. If this card has at least 3 Xyz Materials (1 Fusion, 1 Synchro, and 1 Xyz Monster): You can detach 1 material from this card; destroy all cards your opponent controls.
2 Level 4 monsters  When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can discard any number of cards; increase this card's Rank by the number of discarded cards. Once per turn, while this card has Xyz Material: You can target 1 monster in your GY; detach all materials from this card, and if you do, attach that target to this card as material. When a monster is attached by this effect, this card's Type and Attribute become the same as that monster's original Type and Attribute.
When this card is sent to your Graveyard, add it to your Deck and shuffle it.
2 "Rokket" monsters  You can target 1 other Link Monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your hand to your zone that target points to, but the monster Summoned by this effect cannot be used as Link Material, also destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Overburst Dragon" once per turn. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.
An all-terrain armored vehicle armed with a heavy-duty machine gun.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. You can pay 2000 Life Points to Special Summon 2 Level 3 Psychic-Type monsters from your Deck. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
When a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then, if this effect was activated when 2 or more monsters on the field were destroyed by a card effect, you can Special Summon 1 "Overflow Token" (Dragon/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Overflow Dragon" once per turn.
If you control a monster with 2000 or more ATK, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Defense Position. You can only Special Summon "Overlay Booster" once per turn this way. During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control that has Xyz Material; it gains 500 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard; take 1 Xyz Material from a monster your opponent controls and attach it to an Xyz Monster you control as Xyz Material.
Once per turn: You can pay 600 Life Points; detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster on the field.
Cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned: Change this card to Defense Position. If you control a face-up Xyz Monster that has Xyz Material: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; it loses 500 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to a monster you control.
1 Psychic-Type Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner Psychic-Type monsters Once per turn, you can select 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard, and remove it from play. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, Special Summon as many monsters as possible that were removed from play by this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by shuffling 5 of your banished Dinosaur monsters into the Main Deck. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card (Quick Effect): You can destroy 1 Dinosaur monster in your hand or face-up on your field, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that card. If this card is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can add 1 "Evolution Pill" Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Overtex Qoatlus" once per turn.
If this card is destroyed by battle with a Pyro monster and sent to the GY: Each player takes 800 damage.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, except when destroyed by battle: Special Summon 1 "Oyster Token" (Fish-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When you Pendulum Summon a Zombie-Type monster(s): You can activate this effect; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card destroys a monster by battle: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
Once per turn: You can Normal Summon 1 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monster from your hand, except "Pahunder", as an additional Normal Summon.
While this card is face-up on the field, its name is treated as "Plaguespreader Zombie". Once per turn: You can target up to 2 face-up Zombie-Type monsters you control, except this card; they become Level 2 until the End Phase. They cannot be used as Synchro Material Monsters, except for the Synchro Summon of a Zombie-Type monster.
2 Machine-Type monsters with the same name This card can attack your opponent directly.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Dark Dragon Ritual". At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick". You can only use this effect of "Paladin of Dark Dragon" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can equip 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster from your hand or Deck to this card. This card is unaffected by other monsters' effects, while equipped with an Equip Card. You can Tribute 1 monster and this card, then target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Luminous Dragon Ritual". You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your hand or Deck. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Cynet Ritual". At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a monster: You can return that monster to the hand. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher Cyberse monster from your hand or Deck, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only use each effect of "Paladin of Storm Dragon" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie-Type monster in your opponent's Graveyard, that was destroyed by battle; Special Summon that target to your side of the field.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "White Dragon Ritual". At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that face-down monster. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your hand or Deck, but "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" cannot attack for the rest of this turn.
With skin tinged a bluish-white, this strange creature is a fearsome sight to behold.
3 or more Level 2 monsters This card is unaffected by other monsters' effects. Once per turn, if a Trap Card(s) is sent from your Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Trap Card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during either player's turn, if this card has a Trap Card as Xyz Material: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
2 Level 2 monsters This card is unaffected by other monsters' effects. You can activate "Paleozoic" Trap Cards from your hand. If this card has a Trap Card as Xyz Material: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "Paleozoic" Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Paleozoic Opabinia" once per turn.
When you draw this card: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card battles a DARK monster, its ATK is doubled during the Damage Step only. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets 1 Spellcaster monster you control (and no other cards) while this card is in your hand or GY (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Palladium Oracle Mana" once per turn. Level 7 or higher Spellcaster monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can pay 800 Life Points to Special Summon 1 Level 4 Psychic-Type monster from your Deck.
Once per turn: You can pay LP in multiples of 100; other face-up monsters on the field lose that much ATK. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field with ATK less than or equal to this card's; destroy it. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: All face-up monsters on the field lose 1000 ATK.
As long as this card remains face-up on your side of the field, "Pandemonium" on your side of the field is not destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you have no cards in your Extra Deck: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, place this card in your opponent's Pendulum Zone.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  While you have no cards in your Extra Deck, draw 2 cards instead of 1 for your normal draw during your Draw Phase.
If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If you control "Eagle Shark", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only control 1 "Panther Shark".
This card cannot declare an attack unless you Tribute 1 monster.
1 Machine-Type monster + 1 Dragon-Type monster If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
While a Field Spell Card is face-up on the field, this card gains 1000 ATK.
FLIP: Put this card face-up in your opponent's Deck and shuffle it. When your opponent draws this card, it is Special Summoned to their side of the field in face-up Defense Position, and inflicts 1000 damage to them. Then, while this card is face-up on the field, all monsters your opponent controls become Insect-Type monsters.
(Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; equip this card from your hand to that target. The equipped monster becomes an Insect monster, cannot attack Insect monsters, also its effects that activate by targeting an Insect monster(s) are negated. You can only use this effect of "Parasite Paranoid" once per turn. If this Equip Card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Insect monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
The ATK and DEF of this card are equal to the number of tokens on the field × 500.
A dragon from the cartoons that's more dangerous than it appears to be.
When you take battle damage from an opponent's attacking monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with ATK less than or equal to the damage you took.
If you control a Level 8 monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing.
This card is also treated as a "Frightfur" monster while face-up on the field. This card on the field can be used as a substitute for any 1 Fusion Material whose name is specifically listed on a "Frightfur" Fusion Monster, but the other Fusion Material(s) must be correct.
You choose the attack targets for your opponent's attacks.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can look at 1 face-down card your opponent controls, then return it to its original position.
During your Standby Phase, you can look at 1 face-down card that's been Set by your opponent as long as this card remains face-up on the field.
A large peacock that launches its feathers in a lethal attack.
A horrible torture machine with a large pendulum blade.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 of your Pendulum Monsters, that is banished or in your Graveyard, except "Pendulumucho"; add it to your Extra Deck face-up.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 face-up Level 1 Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Pendulumucho", but banish it when it leaves the field.
When this card is sent directly from your Deck to the Graveyard by an effect of a card controlled by your opponent, unite your Graveyard cards and your own Deck, shuffle them and form a new Deck.
FLIP: You can target up to 2 monsters on the field; return those targets to the hand.
2 Effect Monsters  If your linked monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If this card battles a LIGHT monster, this card gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.
Although they always suffer in silence, they swear an oath to inevitably revolt.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; gain control of all face-up Level 3 or lower monsters your opponent controls, until the End Phase. These monsters cannot activate their effects, and cannot be Tributed or used as a Synchro Material Monster.
This card gains 500 ATK for each other Machine-Type monster on the field.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This monster can only be Special Summoned by Tributing "Petit Moth" on the 6th of your turns after "Petit Moth" has been equipped with "Cocoon of Evolution".
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to you: You can discard this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. During either player's Battle Phase: You can discard this card; reduce the next battle damage you would take this turn to 0. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Performage" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Performage Damage Juggler". You can only use this effect of "Performage Damage Juggler" once per turn.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to you: You can activate this effect; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Performage" monsters, also Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, make that effect damage to you 0. If Summoned this way, banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Each player takes 500 damage.
If 2 or more monsters are on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to you: You can place 1 Performage Counter on this card (max. 3), then make that effect damage to you 0. When the 3rd Performage Counter is placed on this card, it's ATK and DEF become 3300.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster on the field; its ATK and DEF become equal to its current ATK or DEF (whichever is lower) until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; switch its current ATK and DEF, then take 500 damage. This ATK and DEF change lasts until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a "Performage" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone, then take 500 damage. You can only use this effect of "Performage Plushfire" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Performage" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Performage Plushfire".
If there are no monsters on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but you cannot Normal Summon/Set for the rest of this turn. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to your opponent, while you have another "Performage" monster in your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; inflict 2000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Performage Stilts Launcher" once per turn.
2 Level 4 Spellcaster-Type monsters You never take damage if the amount is less than or equal to this card's ATK. Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase 1: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster the turn player controls (other than this card); it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn, also destroy it at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Performage" monster from the Deck.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Performage" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, its ATK and DEF become 0, then you take 1000 damage. You can only use this effect of "Performage Trick Clown" once per turn.
This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Commencement Dance". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, at the start of the Damage Step, when your "Performapal" monster battles an opponent's face-up monster: You can make that opponent's monster lose 600 ATK (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If your "Performapal" monster attacked, after damage calculation: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses ATK equal to the ATK of that "Performapal" monster.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if your "Performapal" monster battles an opponent's monster, before damage calculation: You can make that opponent's monster lose ATK equal to the difference between its original ATK and current ATK (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During either player's turn: You can target 1 "Performapal" monster whose current ATK is different from its original ATK; it gains ATK equal to the difference until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Barracuda" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can reveal 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set, and even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is destroyed by battle: You can destroy the monster that destroyed it.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can send 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; this card's name becomes the sent monster's original name, until the End Phase.
You can Tribute 1 "Performapal" monster; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Level it had on the field x 100 (original Level, if face-down). You can Tribute 1 "Performapal" monster, then target 1 "Performapal" monster in your Graveyard other than the Tributed monster; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Performapal Bowhopper" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a face-up non-Pendulum Monster(s) you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy this card instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can activate this effect; for the rest of this turn, Pendulum Monsters you control that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck cannot be destroyed by card effects.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; the monsters your opponent currently controls lose 800 DEF until the end of this turn, and if they do, if the targeted monster attacks a Defense Position monster this turn, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. (These effects remain even if this card leaves the field.)  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is destroyed by battle: You can make the monster that destroyed this card lose 800 ATK.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Defense Position monster you control; its DEF becomes the combined original DEF of all face-up Defense Position monsters you control (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  This card gains DEF equal to the combined original DEF of all other "Performapal" monsters you control.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards) is destroyed by battle: You can destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster destroyed by battle in Attack Position, and if you do that, it cannot be destroyed by battle this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; while this card is face-up on the field, that face-up monster cannot attack, also negate the effects of that face-up monster while it is on the field.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All Pendulum Monsters you control gain 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can target 1 monster whose current ATK is different from its original ATK; apply the appropriate effect. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Cheermole" once per turn.  ●If that monster's current ATK is higher than its original ATK, it gains 1000 ATK.  ●If that monster's current ATK is lower than its original ATK, it loses 1000 ATK.
If this Tribute Summoned card battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: You can make that opponent's monster lose 500 ATK for each face-up Pendulum Monster currently in your Extra Deck, until the end of this turn. When you Pendulum Summon 2 or more monsters at the same time while this card is in your GY: You can add this card from the GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Performapal Clay Breaker" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 Dragon-Type monster you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; this turn, if that monster you control battles an opponent's monster, banish that opponent's monster after damage calculation (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Other Dragon-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK, also they cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can target 1 other "Performapal" monster you control with 1000 or less ATK; change both it and this card, that you control, from face-up Attack Position to Defense Position, and if you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck to your hand. During your opponent's turn: You can banish 1 "Performapal" monster, except "Performapal Corn", and this card from your Graveyard; gain 500 LP (this is a Quick Effect).
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 "Performapal" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Dag Daggerman" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During your Main Phase, if this card was Pendulum Summoned this turn: You can send 1 "Performapal" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Dag Daggerman" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can target that monster you control; it gains 600 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If there are no monsters on the field, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, its Level becomes 4. Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can target that monster you control; it gains 600 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
If you control 2 or more "Performapal" cards, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot attack unless you control another "Performapal" card. When this card declares an attack: You can return all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls to the hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When exactly 1 Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Monster you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon the destroyed monster, then destroy this card. You can only use the Pendulum Effect of "Performapal Empyrean Magician" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can activate this effect; apply these effects for the rest of this turn, depending on the monster card types of the other monsters you currently control.  ● Fusion: This card can attack directly.  ● Synchro: Your opponent cannot activate monster effects.  ● Xyz: This card's ATK becomes double its original ATK.  ● Pendulum: During the End Phase, add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.  You can only use the monster effect of "Performapal Empyrean Magician" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each face-up Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Extra Slinger" once per turn. You cannot Pendulum Summon the turn you activate this effect.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can banish 1 card from your Extra Deck, then target 1 card in a Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When a Pendulum Monster you control is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, if a Pendulum Monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle, after damage calculation: You can make that monster you control gain 200 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase, and if you do, it can make a second attack in a row.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Tribute 1 "Performapal" monster; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If a "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster you control attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon, except from the Extra Deck. This effect cannot be negated. Each player applies 1 of these effects based on the number of Set cards in their Spell & Trap Zones.  ● 0: All monsters they control cannot attack or activate their effects.  ● 4 or more: The ATK of all monsters they control become double their original ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If either player Sets a Spell/Trap on your field while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Performapal" monster from your hand, but it has its effects negated until the end of this turn. Once per turn: You can change all monsters you control to Defense Position.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Performapal" monster from your hand or Graveyard.
1 "Performapal" monster + 1 Level 5 or higher DARK monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card on the field, then, if this card was Fusion Summoned using a Pendulum Monster as Material, destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Gatlinghoul" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if your "Performapal" monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: All "Performapal" monsters you currently control gain 200 ATK until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can activate this effect; you take no battle damage from that battle (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; you take no battle damage from that battle.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a "Performapal" card is activated in your other Pendulum Zone: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Guitartle" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; increase its Pendulum Scale by 2 until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can activate this effect; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can add 1 Level 5 or higher Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Handsamuraiger" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 "Performapal" card you control; return it to the hand, but for the rest of this turn, your cards with the same name as the one returned to the hand by by this effect, and their effects, cannot be activated (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Performapal Handstandaccoon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 card on the field; return it to the hand.
When you Normal or Special Summon a "Performapal" monster(s), except "Performapal Helpprincess" (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.
After you Normal Summon this card, you can Tribute Summon 1 Level 7 or higher monster in face-up Attack Position during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
During damage calculation (in either player's turn), if a monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can discard this card; neither player takes any battle damage from that battle. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Performapal" monster; Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Inflater Tapir" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All LIGHT monsters you control gain 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, it can attack all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls, once each.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Level 7 or higher monster to your hand, that is either in your Graveyard or face-up in your Extra Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects while in face-up Attack Position. This card gains 100 ATK for each "Performapal" card you control, during your Battle Phase only.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation. If you would take battle damage from that battle, gain that much LP, instead.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if your opponent controls a monster whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK: You can gain 1000 LP.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card declares an attack: You can make this card gain 1000 ATK for each monster on the field whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK, except other monsters you control, until the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect while its current ATK is higher than its original ATK: You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use 1 "Performapal Laugh Maker" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can increase the Levels of all Pendulum Summoned monsters you currently control by 1 (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can declare a Level from 1 to 5, then target 1 other "Performapal" monster you control; until the end of this turn, reduce this card's Level by the declared Level, and if you do, increase the Level or the other monster by the same amount.
When your opponent gains LP (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, this card's ATK becomes equal to the LP your opponent gained. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have a "Performapal" card in your other Pendulum Zone, except "Performapal Lizardraw": You can destroy this card, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Lizardraw" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If another face-up monster you control is destroyed by your opponent's attack or card effect: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Performapal" monsters you currently control. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Lizardraw" once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Performapal" monster from your Deck to your hand, except a Pendulum Monster. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Longphone Bull" once per turn.
While you control an "Odd-Eyes" monster, your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. While this card is in Defense Position, your "Odd-Eyes" monsters cannot be destroyed by battle, also you take no battle damage from that battle. You can target 1 Level 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but negate its effects (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Miss Director" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Unless you have a card in your other Pendulum Zone, destroy this card. While this card is in the Pendulum Zone, any battle damage you take becomes halved.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  FLIP: You can target 1 Set card on the field; destroy it. If this card is Special Summoned: You can change it to face-down Defense Position.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Unless you have a "Performapal" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 4. During your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Performapal" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Monkeyboard" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can discard this card; reveal 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set).
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Dragon Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  At the start of the Damage Step, if your Pendulum Monster battles an opponent's monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, your monster cannot be destroyed by that battle. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver" once per turn. During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using this card you control as Fusion Material, as well as other monsters you control or cards in your Pendulum Zones.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while you have a card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy the card in your other Pendulum Zone, and if you do, Special Summon this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During either player's turn: You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Performapal" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
1 "Odd-Eyes" monster + 1 "Performapal" monster Cannot be used as a Fusion Material. If this card is Fusion Summoned using "Polymerization", it is unaffected by other cards' effects. If this card declares an attack: All monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If your "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During damage calculation, if your Pendulum Monster attacks an opponent's monster: You can make that opponent's monster lose 100 ATK for each "Performapal" and "Odd-Eyes" card you control, during damage calculation only.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster you control; this turn, that face-up monster is treated as a Tuner, also its Level becomes 1 (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card, Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, is used as Synchro Material, banish it. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated. Once per turn: You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using only that monster and this card.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone, when an "Odd-Eyes" monster you control declares an attack: You can target 1 other "Performapal" monster you control; that attacking monster gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the targeted monster on the field, until the end of the Battle Phase (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Performapal" monster in your Graveyard; gain LP equal to its ATK.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you control a "Performapal", "Magician", or "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone, except "Performapal Parrotrio": You can make this card's Pendulum Scale become 7 until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Performapal" monster from your Deck, except a Pendulum Monster.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 300 ATK for each "Performapal" card you currently control, until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster you control; it gains 300 ATK for each "Performapal" monster you currently control. Level 5 or lower monsters cannot attack.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a "Performapal" monster(s) is Pendulum Summoned to your field: All "Performapal" monsters you currently control gain 1000 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Special Summoned: You can target up to 2 cards you control; destroy them, and if you do, add "Performapal" monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, except "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer", equal to the number of cards destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and 1 "Performapal" monster you control; that opponent's monster loses ATK equal to the ATK of that "Performapal" monster you control (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If your opponent controls a Special Summoned monster, and controls at least as many monsters as you, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on each player's field; until the end of this turn, that opponent's monster loses ATK equal to this card's ATK, and if it does, that monster you control gains ATK equal to this card's ATK.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would inflict damage to you: You can discard this card; make that effect damage to you 0. During either player's Main Phase: You can discard this card, then target 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" card you control; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a "Performapal" monster.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Performapal" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Salutiger" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that face-up monster has its effects negated until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; that Set card cannot be activated this turn. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Performapal" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Performapal Secondonkey". If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones, you can add it to your hand instead.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when a "Performapal" monster you control is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 Pendulum Monster you control; it gains 300 ATK for each "Performapal" monster you currently control, until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All "Performapal" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card declares an attack: All "Performapal" monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK, until the end of the Battle Phase.
When this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: You can change this card to face-up Defense Position, and if you do, negate that attack.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Performapal" monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, and "Odd-Eyes" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Performapal" monster, "Magician" Pendulum Monster, or "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Performapal Skullcrobat Joker".
Once per turn, if you activate a Spell Card: This card gains 300 ATK. During either player's turn: You can target 1 Continuous Spell Card you control; return it to the hand, then you can activate 1 "Magician" Continuous Spell Card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Sky Magician" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
During either player's turn: You can return 1 Level 5 or higher "Performapal" monster you control to the hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Sky Pupil" once per turn. If this card battles an opponent's monster, that monster has its effects negated until the end of the Damage Step. Before damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent's monster while you control another "Performapal" monster: You can destroy that opponent's monster.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Performapal" monster, except a Pendulum Monster. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a monster(s) you control whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Smile Sorcerer" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Smile" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If this card's current ATK is higher than its original ATK and all monsters you control are "Performapal" monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, and/or "Odd-Eyes" monsters: You can draw 1 card for each monster you control whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK, but you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn. You can only use each monster effect of "Performapal Smile Sorcerer" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; if it attacks a Defense Position monster this turn, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when a Fusion Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 face-up "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Dragon-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Splashmammoth" once per Duel.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 cards among the Pendulum Monsters you control and/or the "Magician" and "Performapal" cards in your Pendulum Zone; return both to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Springoose" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field; increase their Levels by 1.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when a monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can send the top card of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 600 ATK and DEF. If you Special Summon a monster(s) while you control this card: All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 600 ATK and DEF.
The first time this Special Summoned card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Performapal" monster in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, add that monster to your hand. If a "Performapal" monster is sent from the hand to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step), while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper" once per turn.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Performapal" monsters for attacks, except this one. If a "Performapal" card(s) you control, except "Performapal Thunderhino", would be destroyed by battle or card effect while this card is in your Graveyard, you can banish this card instead.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When you Pendulum Summon a monster(s): You can target 1 card in either player's Pendulum Zone; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Trampolynx" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 card in either player's Pendulum Zone; return it to the hand.
Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials, including this card. If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can target 1 Dragon-Type Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but destroy it during the End Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute this card; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can increase this card's Pendulum Scale by 1 (max. 12).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When your Pendulum Monster is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Trumpanda" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; switch its current ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, during your Battle Phase (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster you control; change its battle position, and if you do, switch its current ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.
At the start of your Battle Phase: You can place 1 counter on this card (max. 2). This card gains effects based on the number of counters on it.  ● 1: Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can negate that attack.  ● 2: You can Tribute this card; banish all monsters on the field until your opponent's 2nd End Phase after activation.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if a monster is Fusion Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 "Performapal", "Odd-Eyes", or "Magician" Pendulum Monster from your Graveyard or face-up in your Extra Deck to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Pendulum Summoned this turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using this card you control and Dragon-Type monsters you control as Fusion Materials.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Performapal" monster from your hand in Attack Position. During your opponent's turn: You can banish 1 "Performapal" monster, except "Performapal Uni", and this card from your Graveyard; the next time you would take battle damage this turn, you do not (this is a Quick Effect).
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If your opponent controls a face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck and you do not: You can Special Summon this card from your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Performapal Whim Witch" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Pendulum Monster.
Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; switch its current ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.
If you take damage by battle or by an opponent's card effect while this card is in the Graveyard: You can banish this card from the Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
When this card is sent to your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Peten the Dark Clown" from your hand or Deck.
A quick-moving and tiny fairy that's very difficult to hit.
A very small dragon known for its vicious attacks.
This small but deadly creature is better off avoided.
If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or higher Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck, but it cannot attack this turn.
3 Level 10 monsters  If this card is Special Summoned, or if another monster(s) is Special Summoned from the GY to your field while this monster is on the field: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Emperor Trilojig" once per turn.
A ferocious serpent that was being hunted by Atlanteans. Battle-weary and ragged, it came upon an ancient light, and gained new strength for its battle. With its increased power, it launched an invasion of enemy territory with a renewed assault.
(This card's original Level is always treated as 12.) Cannot be Synchro Summoned. Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending 2 Level 8 or higher monsters you control with the same Level to the Graveyard (1 Tuner and 1 non-Tuner), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Cannot be destroyed by card effects. This card gains 1000 ATK for each monster on the field. Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase: You can Special Summon the same number of "Utchatzimime Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) on each player's field in Defense Position, so as to Summon as many as possible, also this card cannot attack for the rest of this turn.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: This card can attack directly this turn. During the Main or Battle Phase, if "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Friend" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Foe" once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Dream Mirror" monster: You can target 1 Level 8 or lower "Dream Mirror" monster in your GY, except "Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Friend"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. During the Main or Battle Phase, if "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Foe" from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Phantasos, the Dream Mirror Friend" once per turn.
While this card is in the Graveyard, "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" and all "Phantom Beast" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK.
If you're Tributing a "Phantom Beast" monster or "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts", this card can be Normal Summoned with 1 Tribute. When this card destroys a monster by battle, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.
When your opponent's monster declares an attack, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to make the Battle Damage taken by 1 "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" or "Phantom Beast" monster 0. When this happens, that monster is not destroyed by battle.
During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 2 "Bounzer" cards from your Deck to your hand.
FLIP: Return 1 face-down monster from the field to the top of its owner's Deck.
A sorcerer that can paralyze an enemy with a single curse.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. 2 of your Monster Card Zones cannot be used.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● The original ATK of this card becomes 2300. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.
2 Level 9 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Banish 1 card your opponent controls. ● Banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand. ● Banish 1 card from your opponent's Graveyard. ● Banish the top card of your opponent's Deck, face-up.
A vengeful spirit made up of many restless souls.
A legendary monster that dwells secretly in the mountains, fighting with the harpies over hunting grounds. A single wingbeat is said to cause the fiercest of storms.
If you use this card you control for a Synchro Summon, you can treat it as a non-Tuner monster.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "HERO" monster with 1000 or less ATK from your Deck in face-up Defense Position.
Your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 Effect Monster in your GY; banish that target, and if you do, until the End Phase, this card's name and original ATK become that monster's name and original ATK, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. You must control this face-up card to activate and to resolve this effect.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can Special Summon any number of "Skyblaster Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 500/DEF 500), up to the number of monsters you control. During each of your Standby Phases: You can inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each "Skyblaster" monster you control. "Skyblaster" monsters you control cannot declare an attack during the turn you activate this effect.
An apparition of those said to formerly serve the Pharaoh. It has tremendous loyalty that does not waiver.
The mummy of a soldier that has been guarding the royal family for thousands of years. Even now, its spirit does not allow anybody to trespass.
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, this card gains 300 ATK during the Damage Step only.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● If your opponent activates a Spell Card: You can target 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated that targets a monster(s) on the field: You can send 1 face-up Equip Card you control to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
This card cannot be Special Summoned except with its own effect or with "Phoenixian Seed". If this card attacks, it is destroyed after damage calculation. If this card you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. During your End Phase, you can remove from play 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Defense Position.
You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Phoenixian Cluster Amaryllis" from your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can declare a Level from 1 to 3; the Level of this card becomes that Level, also you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except for a Synchro Summon using this card as a Synchro Material Monster. You can only Special Summon "Phonon Pulse Dragon(s)" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 LIGHT monsters in your GY. When this card is Special Summoned: You can destroy all monsters your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Phosphorage the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.
If a "Photon" monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Photon Advancer" once per turn this way. If another "Photon" monster is on the field, this card gains 1000 ATK.
2 Level 4 "Butterspy" monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; return all monsters on the field to the hand, then inflict 300 damage to each player for each card returned to their hand.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Photon Caesar" from your hand or Deck.
During the turn this card was Normal Summoned, neither player can activate Trap Cards while this card is face-up on the field.
Once per turn: You can make this card's ATK become double its original ATK, until your next Standby Phase. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
Any Battle Damage you take from battles involving this card is halved.
If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can have your opponent shuffle their entire hand into the Deck, then they draw the same number of cards as they shuffled into the Deck.
You can Tribute this card; add 1 Level 4 or lower "Photon" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Photon Lizard" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster you control; equip this card from your hand or field to that target. The equipped monster gains 500 ATK, also it cannot be destroyed by battle. You can send this Equip Card to the GY; add 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Photon Orbital". You can only use this effect of "Photon Orbital" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Defense Position monster on the field; change it to face-up Attack Position, and if you do, it loses 600 ATK.
You can banish 1 "Photon" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. You can use the effect of "Photon Pirate" up to twice per turn.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 "Photon Sabre Tiger" from your Deck to your hand. If you do not control another "Photon Sabre Tiger", this card loses 800 ATK.
Once per turn: You can target 1 other "Photon" monster you control; the Levels of both that monster and this card become the combined current Levels of those 2 monsters.
If a face-up Xyz Monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in face-up Defense Position.
2 Level 6 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a monster effect is activated on your opponent's side of the field: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the effect, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control no monsters. Cannot attack if you control another monster.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while you control a "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster. You can only Special Summon "Photon Vanisher" once per turn this way. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your Deck to your hand. Cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as material gains this effect.  ● Monsters destroyed by battle with this card are banished instead of going to the GY.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Destroy all Set cards your opponent controls.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster; this card gains 600 ATK. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "A.I." Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "@Ignister" monster you control; it becomes Level 4 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Pikari @Ignister" once per turn.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster with 1900 or more ATK.
2 Level 6 monsters This card gains 200 ATK and DEF for every DARK monster in either player's Graveyard. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; each player sends the top 5 cards from their Deck to the Graveyard (or their entire Deck, if less than 5). You can only use this effect of "Pilgrim Reaper" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 WIND Tuner monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. Its effects are negated. If you activated this effect, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only use this effect of "Pilica, Descendant of Gusto" once per turn.
When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Insect-Type monster from your hand.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard by the effect of "Acorno": You can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
The Battle Damage this card inflicts by attacking your opponent's Life Points directly is doubled.
Your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards during the Battle Phase.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this card on the field, you can equip it to your "Dark Blade" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, increase the ATK/DEF of the equipped monster by 400 points. When it attacks with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of a Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
When this card is sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, your opponent selects 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard, and places that card on the top of your Deck.
Once per turn: You can make this card's ATK become double its original ATK until the end of this turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this effect was activated: Destroy this card.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can place 1 card from your hand on the top of the Deck; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field.
You can Tribute this card; add 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Destroy this card.
2 Machine monsters  This card cannot be used as Link Material during the turn it was Link Summoned. You can only use each of the following effects of "Platinum Gadget" once per turn.  ● During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Machine monster from your hand to your zone this card points to.  ● If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Gadget" monster from your Deck.
During your Main Phase: You can destroy this face-up card on the field. Your opponent must control a monster with a higher ATK than this card for you to activate and to resolve this effect. During your Standby Phase, if this card was destroyed by this effect: You can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard (unless it was attacked while face-down and destroyed by battle), you can draw 1 card.
FLIP: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Poki Draco" from your Deck to your hand.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with these effects. ● The Normal Summon of a Gemini monster cannot be negated. ● Once per turn: You can banish 1 Gemini monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with these effects. ● When another Gemini monster is Normal Summoned: You can make that monster gain 500 ATK and DEF. ● If a Gemini monster(s) you control would be destroyed by a card effect, you can destroy 1 other card you control instead.
You can Tribute 3 Level 3 or lower WATER monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. When you do: Return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand, and if you do, if 3 or more cards are returned to the hand by this effect, all monsters your opponent currently controls lose 300 ATK for each.
You can Tribute this face-up card; take control of all face-up Level 3 or lower monsters your opponent currently controls.
FLIP: You can activate 1 of these effects; ● Draw 2 cards. ● Return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand. ● Destroy all monsters your opponent controls. ● Look at your opponent's hand, also shuffle 1 card from their hand into the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Pot of The Forbidden" once per turn.
A not-so-powerful servant, he is an errand boy of a master sorcerer.
Potato and Chips always get along. They always idle in their room eating potato chips. Consommé​ punch ones are delicious too. Norishio ones are delicios too. Potato and Chips' delicious life.
If you negate the activation of a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: Add 1 LIGHT Fairy monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Power Angel Valkyria" once per turn.
If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's attack or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand to the Graveyard. If you do, decrease this card's Level by the Level of that monster. If this card attacks or is attacked, until the end of the Damage Step any effect damage you take becomes 0.
Once per turn you can pay 600 Life Points to have all face-up Psychic-Type monsters gain 500 ATK during this turn.
If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster you control. It gains 400 ATK while you control this face-up card. (A monster cannot gain more than 400 ATK from this card's effect.)
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can reveal 3 Equip Spell Cards from your Deck, then your opponent randomly adds 1 of them to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. If this card would be destroyed while equipped with an Equip Spell Card(s), you can send 1 of those cards to the Graveyard instead.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During your turn, when an Equip Spell Card(s) is equipped to this card: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Power Tool Mecha Dragon" once per turn. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 appropriate face-up Equip Card on the field; equip that target to this card.
3 monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it has its effects negated until the end of this turn. Once per turn, during damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can Tribute 1 monster this card points to; this card's ATK becomes double its original ATK during that damage calculation only.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: This turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects, also you take no damage.
This card gains 500 ATK for each face-up Tuner monster on the field.
"Trakodon" + "Flame Viper"
"Prank-Kids Lampsies" + "Prank-Kids Dropsies" + "Prank-Kids Fansies"  Must be Fusion Summoned. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; destroy all monsters your opponent controls. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent's card: You can target 1 non-Fusion Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Battle Butler" once per turn.
2 "Prank-Kids" monsters  A "Prank-Kids" monster this card points to gains 1000 ATK. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" cards with different names in your GY, except Link Monsters; add them to your hand, also "Prank-Kids" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects this turn. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Bow-Wow-Bark" once per turn.
2 "Prank-Kids" monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Prank-Kids" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" cards with different names in your GY, except Link Monsters; add them to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Dodo-Doodle-Doo" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Fusion or Link Summon of a "Prank-Kids" monster: You can gain 1000 LP, then you can Special Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, except "Prank-Kids Dropsies". You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Dropsies" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Fusion or Link Summon of a "Prank-Kids" monster: You can send 1 "Prank-Kids" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Prank-Kids Fansies", then you can Special Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, except "Prank-Kids Fansies". You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Fansies" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY as material for the Fusion or Link Summon of a "Prank-Kids" monster: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent, then you can Special Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, except "Prank-Kids Lampsies". You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Lampsies" once per turn.
2+ "Prank-Kids" monsters  Must be Link Summoned. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by your opponent's card: You can target 1 card in your GY, except a Link Monster; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Rip-Roarin-Roaster" once per turn.
2 "Prank-Kids" monsters  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can have this card lose 1000 ATK this turn, also it can attack directly this turn. You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" non-Fusion Monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them, but they cannot attack this turn. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Rocket Ride" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the GY as Fusion or Link Material for the Summon of a "Prank-Kids" monster: You can banish 1 card from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card, then you can Special Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, except "Prank-Kids Rocksies". You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Rocksies" once per turn.
2 "Prank-Kids" monsters  If your "Prank-Kids" monster attacks, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Prank-Kids" non-Fusion Monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them. They cannot be destroyed by battle this turn. You can only use this effect of "Prank-Kids Weather Washer" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 opponent's monster with a Predator Counter. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Place 1 Predator Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter.
1 "Predaplant" monster + 1 DARK monster  Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field with a Level less than or equal to this card's; banish it. When an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's face-up monster: You can activate this effect; until the end of this turn, that opponent's monster loses 1000 ATK, and if it does, this card gains 1000 ATK. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
Monsters with a Predator Counter that you use as Fusion Materials are treated as DARK. During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 DARK Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using this card on the field and monsters from your hand, field, and/or monsters with a Predator Counter your opponent controls as Fusion Materials. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Chlamydosundew" once per turn.
During your Standby Phase: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 Level 4 or lower "Predaplant" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them, also, for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Fusion Monsters, nor Normal Summon/Set any monsters.
If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Predaplant" monster: You can add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Darlingtonia Cobra" once per Duel.
1 Fusion Monster + 1 DARK monster  Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on it, and if it is Level 2 or higher, it becomes Level 1 as long as it has a Predator Counter. Negate the activated effects of your opponent's monsters that have Predator Counters.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand or Graveyard) by Tributing 1 monster on either player's field with a Predator Counter. You can only Special Summon "Predaplant Drosophyllum Hydra" once per turn this way. During either player's turn, if this card is on the field or in the Graveyard: You can banish 1 other "Predaplant" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; it loses 500 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Drosophyllum Hydra" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on it, and if it is Level 2 or higher, it becomes Level 1 as long as it has a Predator Counter. At the start of the Damage Step, when this card battles a monster with an equal or lower Level: You can destroy that monster, then increase this card's Level by the original Level of the destroyed monster.
If your opponent controls a monster with a Predator Counter: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can target 1 DARK Dragon or Plant monster in your GY, except "Predaplant Heliamphorhynchus"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Predaplant Heliamphorhynchus" once per turn.
This card gains 200 ATK for each Predator Counter on the field. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can equip that monster to this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 Monster Card equipped to this card by this card's effect; destroy it, and if you do, gain LP equal to its original ATK.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Predaplant" monster from your Deck, except "Predaplant Ophrys Scorpio". You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Ophyrs Scorpio" once per turn.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on it, and if it is Level 2 or higher, it becomes Level 1 as long as it has a Predator Counter. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls with a Level less than or equal to this card's; take control of it until the End Phase.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can destroy that opponent's monster. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card on the field is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can add 1 "Predap" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Predaplant Sarraceniant". You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Sarraceniant" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 other face-up card in the Spell & Trap Zone; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Spider Orchid" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During the End Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can discard 1 Plant monster; add 1 Level 4 or lower Plant monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Predaplant Spider Orchid" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on it, and if it is Level 2 or higher, it becomes Level 1 as long as it has a Predator Counter. After damage calculation, if this card battled a monster with an equal or lower Level: You can Special Summon 1 "Predaplant" monster from your Deck, except "Predaplant Spinodionaea".
You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, it can attack all monsters your opponent controls with a Predator Counter, once each. If this face-up card leaves the field: Place 1 Predator Counter on each Special Summoned monster your opponent controls, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter.
3 DARK monsters on the field  Gains ATK equal to the total original ATK of all other monsters on the field with a Predator Counter. You can only use each of the following effects of "Predaplant Triphyoverutum" once per turn.  ● When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from their Extra Deck while you control this Fusion Summoned card (Quick Effect): You can negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).  ● If your opponent controls a monster with a Predator Counter(s): You can Special Summon this card from your GY in Defense Position.
2 Effect Monsters  You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it becomes DARK until the end of this turn. You can pay 2000 LP and send 1 "Polymerization" Normal or Quick-Play Spell or "Fusion" Normal or Quick-Play Spell from your Deck to the GY; this effect becomes that Spell's effect when the card is activated, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Predaplant Verte Anaconda" once per turn.
FLIP: You can add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
FLIP: During the End Phase of this turn, destroy as many Defense Position monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or higher Flip monster from your hand or Deck in face-down Defense Position, also you cannot activate monster effects for the rest of this turn, except "Prediction Princess" monsters'.
FLIP: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
FLIP: You can change all face-up Attack Position monsters your opponent controls to face-up Defense Position. Monsters changed to Defense Position by this effect cannot change their battle position.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Prediction Ritual". Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Flip monster from your hand or Graveyard in face-down Defense Position. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Prediction Princess Tarotrei" per turn, and only once that turn. ● During either player's turn: You can target 1 face-down monster on the field; change it to face-up Attack Position. ● During either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position.
This creature is shielded with a tough hide of hair and is excellent at defending itself.
Your opponent cannot attack Insect monsters. If this card battled a monster, at the end of the Damage Step: Change that monster to Defense Position.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can send 1 Effect Monster you control to the Graveyard, and if you do, add up to 2 "Blue-Eyes" monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster you control; shuffle it into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use 1 "Priestess with Eyes of Blue" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving this card. You can only use each of the following effects of "Primal Dragon the Primordial Dragon" once per turn.  ● You can banish 1 Dragon monster from your GY; this card gains ATK/DEF equal to the banished monster's ATK until the end of the next turn.  ● If this card is Tributed: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
Any effect that would inflict damage to a player increases their Life Points by the same amount, instead. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a monster(s) on the field: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
When an Effect Monster's effect to destroy a Spell or Trap Card(s) on the field is activated, you can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to negate its activation and destroy the card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If a monster is sent from your opponent's hand or Deck to the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand in face-down Defense Position. If this card is flipped face-up: You can target up to 2 cards on the field; destroy them.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed by an opponent's card effect this turn while it was Set on your field: You can Special Summon this card, then you can add 1 Monster from your GY to your hand, except "Primineral Mandstrong". You can only use this effect of "Primineral Mandstrong" once per turn.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can increase the Levels of all Insect-Type monsters you currently control by 1.
2 Level 4 monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 "Box of Friends" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. If you control another monster, your opponent cannot target this card with cards, effects, or for attacks. If a face-up Normal Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your Deck or Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Trial of the Princesses". During your Standby Phase, inflict 600 damage to your opponent for each monster they control.
FLIP: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Spell and Trap Card on your opponent's side of the field.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Trial of the Princesses". During your Standby Phase, gain 800 Life Points for each monster you control.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Pumpkin Carriage" from your hand or Deck, then, if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone, you can equip 1 "Glass Slippers" from your Deck to this card. You can only use this effect of "Prinzessin" once per turn. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can target 1 "Glass Slippers" equipped to this card and 1 face-up monster on the field; equip that "Glass Slippers" to that target.
If you control a face-up "Ice Barrier" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You cannot Special Summon any Level 5 or higher monsters the turn you use this effect. You can Tribute this card to target 1 "Ice Barrier" monster in your Graveyard, except "Prior of the Ice Barrier"; Special Summon that target.
This crystalline monster focuses light to create a lethal laser.
2 monsters, except Tokens  During your Main Phase, if this card was Link Summoned: You can banish this card and 1 of your monsters this card points to, then target 1 Link Monster in either GY; Special Summon it to your field, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Progleo" once per turn.
At the start of the Damage Step, if your Cyberse Link Monster battles an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand to the GY; return that opponent's monster to the hand. When your Cyberse monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY, while this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 card from your GY, then target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Prohibit Snake" once per turn.
When this attacking card destroys a monster in your opponent's Main Monster Zone: You can discard 1 card; this card can attack again in a row, also the zone that monster was in cannot be used until the end of the next turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Banish 1 or more DARK monsters from your GY, and if you do, this card gains 400 ATK for each, until the end of this turn.
If you control a "Magic Hand", "Fire Hand", or "Ice Hand", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can banish 1 "Laval" monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 300 ATK until the End Phase.
You can Tribute 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster; Special Summon any number of Cyberse Normal Monsters from your Deck and/or GY whose total Levels equal the Tributed monster's Level on the field, but banish them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Prompthorn" once per turn.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.
Once per turn, you can equip this card to an "Indomitable Fighter Lei Lei" you control, OR unequip it to Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. When equipped to a monster by this card's effect, you can change that monster's battle position once per turn. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.)
Your opponent cannot draw cards except during Draw Phases.
While the king is away, this queen protects his throne with a mighty defense.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 1 LIGHT Tuner monster from your hand. You can target 1 Effect Monster you control; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Protector with Eyes of Blue" once per turn.
This card's name becomes "Cyber Dragon" while on the field.
2 Cyberse monsters  Your opponent's monsters cannot target monsters this card points to for attacks. The first time this card would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed, also you take no battle damage from that battle.
Ancestral species found in electronic space. No one knows how much information it holds.
2 monsters  If a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy 1 of your monsters this card points to, instead.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can remove from play 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Deck. This card's Level becomes the Level of that monster.
Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; cards with that name, and their effects, cannot be used until the end of your opponent's next turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Assault Mode Activate", or 1 card that specifically lists the card "Assault Mode Activate" in its text, from your Deck to your hand, except "Psi-Reflector". You can reveal 1 "Assault Mode Activate" in your hand, then target 1 monster in your GY that specifically lists the card "Assault Mode Activate" in its text, except "Psi-Reflector"; Special Summon it, and if you do, increase its Level by up to 4. You can only use each effect of "Psi-Reflector" once per turn.
A Psychic soldier that rides into battle against the Security Forces on currents of lightning, using an automatic amplifier called "PSY-Frame".
This card's name becomes "PSY-Frame Driver" while it is in the hand or Graveyard. If a "PSY-Frame" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can discard this card instead. If a "PSY-Frame" Tuner is Special Summoned to your field, while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "PSY-Frame Multi-Threader" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) while you control no monsters (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, add 1 "PSY-Frame" card from your Deck to your hand, except "PSY-Framegear Alpha". During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When an opponent's monster declares an attack while you control no monsters: You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, destroy the attacking monster, then end the Battle Phase. During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card while you control no monsters: You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that Spell Card. During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card while you control no monsters: You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that Trap Card. During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect while you control no monsters: You can Special Summon both this card from your hand and 1 "PSY-Frame Driver" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and if you do, negate that activation, and if you do that, destroy that monster. During the End Phase, banish the face-up monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
2 monsters, except Tokens  You can activate the effects of "PSY-Framegear" monsters in your hand even if you control a monster. If another face-up Psychic monster(s) you control is banished while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can activate this effect; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 "PSY-Frame" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "PSY-Framelord Lambda" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn, during the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can banish both this face-up card from the field and 1 random card from your opponent's hand, face-up, until your next Standby Phase. Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: You can target 1 banished card; return it to the GY. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 other card in the GY; shuffle both that card and this card from the GY into the Deck.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls in face-up Attack Position; banish both that monster and this card from the field, but return them in your next Standby Phase. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 other "PSY-Frame" card in your Graveyard; return this card to the Extra Deck, and if you do, add that target to your hand.
If this card in the Monster Zone is Tributed: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
When a Psychic-Type monster you control battles, during the Damage Step you can pay Life Points in multiples of 100 (max. 500) to have the monster it's battling lose that much ATK and DEF, until the End Phase.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, gain 500 Life Points for each Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 Psychic-Type monster you control, except "Psychic Jumper"; switch control of both those targets, and if you do, their battle positions cannot be changed this turn.
An amphibian with a myriad of powers to shield it from enemy attacks.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Graveyard to gain 1200 Life Points.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Psychic-Type monsters Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can pick 1 random card in your opponent's hand and call what type of card it is (Monster, Spell or Trap). If you call it right, this card gains 1000 ATK until your opponent's End Phase.
You can pay 800 Life Points and select 1 other face-up Psychic-Type monster you control. That monster can attack twice during each Battle Phase. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
If you control a Level 3 monster, except "Psychic Tracker", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position. You can only Special Summon "Psychic Tracker" once per turn this way. The Synchro Monster that used this card as material gains 600 ATK.
If you control a Level 3 monster other than "Psychic Wheeleder", you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position. You can only Special Summon "Psychic Wheeleder" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can target 1 monster on the field with less ATK than the Synchro Monster that used this card as material; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Psychic Wheeleder" once per turn.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Attack Position, except "Pulao, Wind of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Pulao, Wind of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material is unaffected by Spell effects.
"Prinzessin" you control can attack directly. Your opponent cannot target "Golden Castle of Stromberg" you control with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects.
If "Castle of Dark Illusions" is face-up on the field, increase the ATK and DEF of this card by 100 points. As long as this "Castle of Dark Illusions" remains face-up on the field, the ATK and DEF of this card continues to increase by 100 points during each of your Standby Phases. This effect continues until your 4th turn after the card is activated.
If this face-up card is destroyed while in a Monster Card Zone, you can place it face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, instead of sending it to the Graveyard. While this card is treated as a Continuous Spell Card by this effect, during each player's Standby Phase: Place 1 Pumpkin Counter on this card. All monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK and DEF for each Pumpkin Counter on this card.
"Blue-Winged Crown" + "Niwatori"
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by possessing 4 or more banished "Lightsworn" monsters with different names. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can pay 1000 LP; shuffle into the Decks, all cards in the GYs and all face-up banished cards, except "Lightsworn" monsters. Once per turn, if your "Lightsworn" monster's effect is activated: Send the top 4 cards of your Deck to the GY.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard after being flipped face-up: Target 1 "Penguin" monster in your Graveyard, except "Puny Penguin"; Special Summon that target in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position.
When your opponent adds a Monster Card(s) to their hand, except by drawing, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you do, destroy it during your next turn's End Phase.
When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can pay 2000 Life Points to target 2 Fiend-Type monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets. They cannot attack this turn.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard, then target 1 Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.
1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: All monsters your opponent currently controls lose 500 ATK.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if your DARK Spellcaster-Type monster battles, before damage calculation: You can activate this effect; that monster gains 1200 ATK (until the end of the Damage Step), then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  (This card is always treated as a "Fusion Dragon" card.)  If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it.
When a Defense Position monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. During your End Phase: You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; destroy it, and if you do, give control of this card to your opponent. During each of your Standby Phases: Take 300 damage.
2 monsters with different Levels  If a monster is Special Summoned face-up to a zone this card points to while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can declare a Level from 1 to 8; that monster becomes that Level until the end of this turn. You can target 2 monsters with the same Level (1 from each field); destroy them. You can only use each effect of "Puzzlomino, the Drop-n-Deleter" once per turn.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type monster with 2000 or less DEF from your Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 FIRE monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, both players take damage equal to half the original ATK of the destroyed monster. You can only use this effect of "Pyrorex the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.
You can Normal Summon this card with 1 Tribute. If Summoned this way, during each End Phase: You take 1000 damage. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All "Qli" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. If this card is Tributed: You can target 1 monster on the field; return it to the hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can only Special Summon "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s): You can activate this effect; if your opponent has more monsters in their Graveyard than you do, you gain LP equal to the difference x 300, and if you do, inflict the same amount of damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All "Qli" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s): You can Special Summon 2 "Qli" monsters from your Deck, but destroy them during the End Phase.
2 Machine monsters  This Link Summoned card is unaffected by Spell/Trap effects and the activated effects of other Link Monsters. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card on each player's field, except this card; both those cards have their effects negated until the end of this turn. When 2 monsters are Special Summoned at the same time to the zones this card points to: You can add 1 Level 5 or higher Machine monster from your Deck to your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. If this card is Tributed: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. During the End Phase, if you Tribute Summoned this turn: You can draw a number of cards equal to the number of "Qli" monsters you Tributed for Tribute Summons this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Unhandled exception at 0x1i-666 in qliphort.exe: Access violation writing location 0x00-000Continue, ignoring this error? &lt;Y/N&gt;...[ ]Xlmgzxg drgs gsv Hzxivw Givv rh uliyrwwvm. Gsv hxlfitv szh yvvm fmovzhsvw.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can pay 800 LP; add 1 "Qli" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Qliphort Scout".  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Booting in Replica Mode…  An error has occurred while executing C:\sophia\zefra.exe  Unknown publisher.  Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe ? <Y/N>…[Y]  Booting in Autonomy Mode…
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. If this card is Normal Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s), it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, and if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. All "Qli" monsters you control gain 300 ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal Summoned without Tributing, or is Special Summoned, its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK becomes 1800. If this card is Normal Summoned/Set, it is unaffected by activated effects from any monster whose original Level/Rank is lower than this card's current Level. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Qli" monster(s): You can target 1 card on the field; return it to the hand. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
2 Dragon monsters, including a "Rokket" monster  You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; you cannot Special Summon Link-2 or lower monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of the turn, also destroy the targeted monster, then, if it was a Link Monster, you can Special Summon any number of "Rokket" monsters with different names, from your hand or GY, up to its Link Rating. You can only use this effect of "Quadborrel Dragon" once per turn.
You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Plant-Type monster. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Destroy the 1 face-up monster on the field that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied).
This monster attacks enemies using its huge beak.
2 Level 4 monsters Dragon-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, except "Queen Dragun Djinn". Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 Level 5 or higher Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. It cannot attack this turn, and its effects are negated.
Queen of the Emerald Forest and wife of the Spirit King, she lives surrounded by vivid red leaves.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card must be Tribute Summoned by Tributing 3 Fairy-Type monsters on your side of the field. If this card attacks your opponent's Life Points directly and makes them 0, the controller of this card wins the Match.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Plant-Type monsters Each player must pay 1000 LP for each monster Normal or Special Summoned from their hand, except for Plant-Type monsters.
"Allure Queen" monsters on your side of the field cannot be selected as an attack target.
This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
This knight catches her opponents off guard, dominating them with swift yet graceful attacks.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses 500 ATK.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by sending 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard. For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Synchron" Tuner monster. Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a monster that lists a "Synchron" monster as a Tuner.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You must control a Tuner monster to activate and to resolve this effect.
5 Spellcaster monsters  Must be Fusion Summoned. If this card is Fusion Summoned using 5 Spellcaster monsters with different names as materials: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls. Cannot be Tributed, nor used as Fusion Material, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects.
When a "Genex" monster is added from your Deck to your hand, you can reveal that monster to Special Summon it.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 Level 4 "R-Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 Level 2 "R-Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is added from your Deck to your hand by the effect of a "Genex" monster, you can Special Summon this card. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Genex" monster.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Genex" monster from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 Level 1 "Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 2 "Genex" monsters from your Graveyard, and return them to the Deck.
When this card is Summoned: You can Special Summon up to 2 "Ra's Disciple" from your hand and/or Deck. Cannot be Tributed, except for the Tribute Summon of "Slifer the Sky Dragon", "Obelisk the Tormentor", or "The Winged Dragon of Ra". You cannot Special Summon monsters, except by the effect of "Ra's Disciple".
"Battle Ox" + "Mystic Horseman"
It's a snowfield-dwelling, giant-ear-sporting, super-acoustic, snowball-shaped mutant dragon! There's no way anybody can escape.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; Special Summon 1 "Radian Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 7/ATK 2800/DEF 0), but it cannot be used as a Synchro Material.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard (except if destroyed by battle), gain 1000 Life Points if "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-LIGHT monsters.
If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If you do, this card's Level becomes 8.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can excavate the top cards of your Deck equal to the number of monsters "Fur Hire" you control with different names, except "Rafale, Champion Fur Hire", and if you do, add 1 of them to your hand, also shuffle the rest back into your Deck. When your opponent activates a monster effect (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card "Fur Hire"; negate the activation. You can only use each effect of "Rafale, Champion Fur Hire" once per turn.
FLIP: Take control of 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field until the end of this turn.
This card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Fish, Sea Serpent, and Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-EARTH monsters.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 WATER monster you control (except this card) to Special Summon 1 WATER monster from your hand. The monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed if "Raging Eria" is removed from your side of the field.
This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: This card gains 1000 ATK.
If this card battles an opponent's monster: That monster cannot attack while it is face-up on the field.
All LIGHT monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each LIGHT monster in your Graveyard. During your End Phase, destroy 1 LIGHT monster you control. There can only be 1 face-up "Rai-Jin" on the field.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can add 1 Level 2 or lower LIGHT monster from your Deck to your hand.
During your Main Phase: You can send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY, then if any "Lightsworn" monsters were sent to the GY by this effect, this card gains 200 ATK until the end of your opponent's turn. You can only use this effect of "Raiden, Hand of the Lightsworn" once per turn. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY.
2 Level 7 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck. If this card has a "Raidraptor" monster(s) as Xyz Material, it can attack a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of Xyz Material attached to it. If this card is sent to the Graveyard while it has a "Raidraptor" monster as Xyz Material: You can Special Summon 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except "Raidraptor - Arsenal Falcon", and if you do, attach this card from the Graveyard to that Xyz Monster as Xyz Material.
If you take damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Raidraptor" monsters.
2 Level 4 Winged Beast-Type monsters If this card is Xyz Summoned, and your opponent's LP is at least 3000 higher than yours: You can make this card gain 3000 ATK. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can detach any number of Xyz Materials from this card; destroy exactly that number of monsters your opponent controls.
3 Level 5 Winged Beast-Type monsters This card can attack directly while it has Xyz Material. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy as many Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.
When a "Raidraptor" monster you control is targeted for an attack by an opponent's monster: You can banish this card from your hand; destroy the attacking monster.
2 Level 3 "Raidraptor" monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK on the field. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Fiend Eagle" once per turn.
3 Level 12 monsters  If this card has a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster as Xyz Material, it is unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; return all your banished "Raidraptor" monsters to your GY. Up to twice per turn, when this attacking card destroys a monster by battle: You can banish 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster from your GY; this card can attack again in a row.
2 Level 4 monsters  This card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Winged Beast monster you control (other than this card). Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; add 1 Level 4 DARK Winged Beast monster from your Deck to your hand.
If you control a "Raidraptor" monster other than "Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius": You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Raidraptor - Fuzzy Lanius" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate either of this card's effects, except "Raidraptor" monsters.
If a "Raidraptor" monster you control battles, while you have any Spell/Trap Cards on your field or in your Graveyard, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then gain 100 LP for each Spell/Trap Card you control and in your Graveyard. You can Tribute this card; your opponent takes no battle damage this turn, also you Special Summon 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, also return it to the Extra Deck during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Last Strix" once per turn.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can increase the Levels of all "Raidraptor" monsters you currently control by 1. During your Main Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can banish this card; add 1 "Raidraptor" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Raidraptor - Mimicry Lanius". You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Mimicry Lanius" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can inflict 600 damage to your opponent, also monsters in your possession cannot activate their effects for the rest of this turn, except "Raidraptor" monsters. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Raidraptor" monster from your Deck, but it has its effects negated.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Raidraptor" monster, then target 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand, also you cannot Xyz Summon for the rest of this turn, except with the effect of a "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card.
Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a Winged Beast-Type monster. If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 "Raidraptor" monster you control that has a Level; take damage equal to its ATK or DEF (whichever is lower, but your choice if tied), and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, this card's Level becomes the current Level of the targeted monster. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Pain Lanius" once per turn.
3 Level 6 Winged Beast-Type monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this turn, this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's face-up Special Summoned monster: That monster's ATK and DEF become 0. If this card has a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster as Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK that monster had on the field.
3 Level 6 Winged Beast-Type monsters You can also Xyz Summon this card by discarding 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card, then using a Rank 5 or lower "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK it had on the field. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon" from your Extra Deck, and if you do, attach this card to it as Xyz Material.
3 Level 4 Winged Beast-Type monsters This card can attack all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls, once each. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; this card gains ATK equal to that monster's current ATK.
If this card is Special Summoned from the hand by the effect of a "Raidraptor" card, or Normal Summoned: You can inflict 600 damage to your opponent. When an opponent's monster declares an attack that targets this card: You can Special Summon up to 2 "Raidraptor" monsters from your hand, and if you do, monsters your opponent controls cannot target those monsters for attacks this turn.
2 Level 8 Winged Beast monsters  If this card is Xyz Summoned by using a "Raidraptor" monster as material: You can destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Quick Effect: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 800 ATK for each "Raidraptor" monster in your GY.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can target 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position. During your Main Phase 2, if this card attacked this turn: You can target 1 "Raidraptor" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Sharp Lanius" once per turn.
If you control a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Raidraptor - Singing Lanius" once per turn this way.
If this card is detached from an Xyz Monster and sent to the Graveyard to activate that monster's effect: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Raidraptor" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Skull Eagle" once per turn. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect. ● If it is Xyz Summoned: It gains 300 ATK.
2 Level 5 monsters  If this card has an Xyz Monster as an Xyz Material, it gains this effect.  ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.  If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard, except "Raidraptor - Stranger Falcon"; Special Summon it, and if you do, attach this card to it as Xyz Material.
During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can send 1 "Raidraptor" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. During your Main Phase 2, if this card destroyed an opponent's monster by battle this turn: You can add 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Raidraptor" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Raidraptor - Tribute Lanius" once per turn.
3 Level 10 Winged Beast-Type monsters Unaffected by other cards' effects. You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; for the rest of this turn, all monsters your opponent controls will lose 1000 ATK, also your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated. If this card has a "Raidraptor" monster as Xyz Material, it gains this effect. ● Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can make all monsters your opponent controls lose 1000 ATK. If your opponent controls no face-up monsters, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Raidraptor" monster from your hand.
During your Main Phase, if this card was Normal or Special Summoned this turn: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 2 "Raidraptor" monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard whose total Levels equal 6.
2 DARK Winged Beast monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 DARK Winged Beast monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but it cannot be used as Link Material, also its effects are negated. If your "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster's effect is activated: Set 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell directly from your Deck, and if it is a Quick-Play Spell, it can be activated this turn. You can only use each effect of "Raidraptor - Wise Strix" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the difference between the number of cards in both players' Extra Decks x 100, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Gains ATK equal to the difference between the number of cards in both players' Extra Decks x 200 during your turn only. Gains DEF equal to the difference between the number of cards in both players' Extra Decks x 200 during your opponent's turn only. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 7 DARK monsters with different names from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can banish all other DARK monsters you control and from your Graveyard; this card gains 500 ATK for each card banished this way.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 7 "Crystal Beast" cards with different names on your field or in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot activate its effects the turn it is Special Summoned. ● During either player's turn: You can send all "Crystal Beast" monsters you control to the Graveyard; this card gains 1000 ATK for each card sent. ● You can banish all "Crystal Beast" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all cards on the field into the Deck.
This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
You can only use each effect of "Rainbow Kuriboh" once per turn. ● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can target that attacking monster; equip this card from your hand to that monster. It cannot attack. ● When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field.
A reticent mermaid who appears only on very rare occasions. She emerges only when a large rainbow arches across the sky.
"Elemental HERO Neos" + "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" Must be Fusion Summoned with the above Fusion Material Monsters and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects. ● Send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard; shuffle all monsters your opponent controls into the Deck. ● Send 1 Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; shuffle all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls into the Deck. ● Send 1 card from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard; shuffle all cards in your opponent's Graveyard into the Deck.
7 "Crystal Beast" monsters  (This card is always treated as an "Ultimate Crystal" card.)  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing 1 Level 10 "Ultimate Crystal" monster (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your GY; this card gains ATK equal to the banished monster's, until the end of this turn. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this Fusion Summoned card; shuffle all cards on the field into the Deck.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 card on the field and 1 card in either player's Graveyard, also if this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a WIND monster, you can target an additional card on the field; place the first target(s) on the top of the Deck in any order, also, after that, return the additional target (if any) to the hand.
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 card on the field; place that target on the top of the Deck.
This card gains ATK equal to the Level of the monster that it battles × 200 during the Damage Step only. If this card attacks, it is removed from play at the end of the Damage Step and returned to your side of the field in face-up Attack Position at the beginning of your next turn's Battle Phase.
You can Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "RAM Clouder" once per turn.
Once per turn, this card can move to an adjacent unoccupied Monster Card Zone. If this card attacks the monster in its same column, this card gains 500 ATK during the Damage Step.
You can only control 1 "Ranryu". If you control a Spellcaster monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 monster in your GY with 1500 ATK and 200 DEF, except "Storm Dragon"; Special Summon it.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of 1 monster your opponent controls that battled this card this turn. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
During your Main Phase 1, you can activate this card's effect. If you do, it can attack your opponent directly this turn. Other monsters cannot attack during the turn you activate this effect.
Inflict 400 damage to your opponent each time you activate a Normal Spell Card.
"Fusionist" + "Enchanting Mermaid"
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Metalfoes" monster from your Deck to your hand during the End Phase of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Raremetalfoes Bismugear" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can reveal 1 Spirit monster from your hand, except "Rasetsu", then target 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect.
2+ monsters, except Tokens  You can target 1 Link Monster in either GY; this card gains ATK equal to that target's ATK until the end of this turn. You can Tribute any number of your monsters this card points to; destroy an equal number of cards on the field. You can only use each effect of "Rasterliger" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 Fiend-Type monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If your opponent Normal Summons a monster(s): Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 1000/DEF 1000) for each monster Summoned, but it cannot declare an attack. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster; this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the Tributed monster until the end of this turn.
The Sun and the North Wind join hands to deliver a devastating combination of heat and gale-force winds.
While you control another Reptile-Type monster, if this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation.
If this card is in the Graveyard and your opponent has 5 or more cards in their Extra Deck than you do: You can pay 2000 LP; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Re-Cover" once per turn.
If this card battles a monster in the Extra Monster Zone, it gains 800 ATK and DEF during the Damage Step only.
You can discard this card AND 1 Dragon-Type or EARTH monster; Special Summon 1 "Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders" from your Deck. It cannot attack this turn. You can only use the effect of "Reactan, Dragon Ruler of Pebbles" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; apply as many effects as possible, based on the number of "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names in your Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Reaper of Prophecy" once per turn. ● 3 or more: This card gains 600 ATK. ● 4 or more: Add 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. ● 5 or more: Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck.
FLIP: Select 1 Trap Card on the field and destroy it. If the selected card is Set, pick up and see the card. If it is a Trap Card, it is destroyed. If it is a Spell Card, return it to its original position.
"Spirit Reaper" + "Nightmare Horse" This card is not destroyed as a result of battle. Destroy this card when it is targeted by the effect of a Spell, Trap or Effect Monster. This card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly even if there is a monster on your opponent's side of the field. If this card successfully attacks your opponent's Life Points directly, your opponent discards 1 card randomly from his/her hand.
When this card is removed from the field, Special Summon 1 "Reborn Tengu" from your Deck.
While you have no cards in your hand and this card is in Attack Position, it cannot be destroyed by battle.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Cyberse monster with 1500 or less ATK in your GY; Special Summon it.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Recon, Scout Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 Set card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Recon, Scout Fur Hire" once per turn.
2 Cyberse monsters  (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Cyberse Link Monster in your GY that was destroyed this turn; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated, also destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Recovery Sorcerer" once per turn.
A mermaid archer that hides in a protective shell, waiting for the right moment to strike.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 Spell/Trap in each GY; banish them, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link Monster in either GY; banish that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 monster from your GY with a different monster card type (Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link) from that target. You can only use each effect of "Red Blossoms from Underroot" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters After damage calculation, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster your opponent controls: Destroy all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls. During your End Phase: Destroy all other monsters you control that did not declare an attack this turn. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with "Assault Mode Activate". If this card attacks, destroy all other monsters after damage calculation. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" from your Graveyard.
When this card is Summoned: You can banish 1 "Ninja" or "Ninjitsu Art" card from your Graveyard to target 1 Set card your opponent controls; reveal that Set card, then return it to either the top or bottom of the Deck. Your opponent cannot activate the targeted card in response to this effect's activation. You can only use the effect of "Red Dragon Ninja" once per turn.
Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. When this card on the field is destroyed: The controller takes 500 damage. You can only control 1 face-up "Red Duston".
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Yellow Gadget" from your Deck to your hand.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect while you control a "Red Dragon Archfiend" monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; this turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
If there is a column with no cards, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position to your zone in that column. You can only Special Summon "Red Hared Hasty Horse" once per turn this way. If another card is placed in this card's column: Destroy this card. Once per turn: You can halve this card's original ATK for the rest of this turn, and if you do, it can attack directly this turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 FIRE Fiend-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Red Mirror"; add it to your hand. If you Synchro Summon while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step, or the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard): You can add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Red Mirror" once per turn.
If a Level 8 or higher Dragon-Type Synchro Monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Red Nova" once per turn this way. If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon that uses 2 or more Tuner monsters as Materials: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE Fiend-Type monster from your Deck in Defense Position.
2 Tuners + "Red Dragon Archfiend" This card gains 500 ATK for each Tuner monster in your Graveyard. Cannot be destroyed by an opponent's card effects. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can target the attacking monster; banish this card, and if you do, negate that attack. During the next End Phase: Special Summon this card banished by this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send any number of cards from your hand to the Graveyard, then target the same number of cards on the field; return those targets to the hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; gain LP equal to its ATK. You can only use this effect of "Red Resonator" once per turn.
1 Fiend-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 "Resonator" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except DARK Dragon-Type Synchro Monsters. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 Level 1 "Resonator" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon both of them.
If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can Special Summon 1 "Rose Dragon" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Red Rose Dragon", then, if this card was sent to the GY as Synchro Material for the Synchro Summon of "Black Rose Dragon" or a Plant Synchro Monster, you can add 1 "Frozen Roars" or "Blooming Rose" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Red Rose Dragon" once per turn.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Warrior-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck in Attack Position.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fiend-Type Tuner from your hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Red Sprinter" once per turn.
When you Normal Summon a "Resonator" monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, but its ATK becomes halved.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During either player's turn, if a monster with higher ATK than this Synchro Summoned card is on the field: You can destroy the 1 face-up monster on the field that has the highest ATK (your choice, if tied). This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand or field. You can only Special Summon "Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon" once per turn this way. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster in your GY, except "Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon"; Special Summon it, and if that Summoned monster is "Red-Eyes B. Dragon", double its original ATK.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● Once per turn: You can destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with DEF lower than this card's ATK.
A ferocious dragon with a deadly attack.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster from your Deck, and if you do, equip this card from the GY to it. It gains 300 ATK. If this card is sent to the GY while equipped to a monster: You can add 1 Level 1 Dragon monster from your Deck or GY to your hand.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Dragon-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. It gains 1000 ATK, and 500 ATK and DEF for each Dragon-Type monster on the field and in the Graveyards.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with this effect. ● If damage calculation is performed involving this card, at the end of the Battle Phase: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card's original ATK. You can only use this effect of "Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your Deck) by Tributing "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" equipped with "Metalmorph".
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 300 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 face-up Dragon-Type monster you control. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon".
2 Level 7 monsters Cannot be destroyed by card effects while it has Xyz Material. While this card has Xyz Material, each time your opponent activates a card or effect, inflict 500 damage to your opponent immediately after it resolves. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Red-Eyes" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
If a Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster(s) you control is destroyed by your opponent's attack or card effect and sent to your GY, while this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon as many of those destroyed monsters as possible in the same position they were in when destroyed. You can Tribute this card; you can Normal Summon 1 "Red-Eyes" monster during your Main Phase this turn in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
"Red-Eyes B. Dragon" + 1 Warrior monster  When a "Red-Eyes" monster declares an attack: You can target 1 Warrior monster in your GY; equip it to this card as an Equip Spell with this effect. ● The equipped monster gains 200 ATK.  When a card or effect is activated that targets a card you control (Quick Effect): You can send 1 Equip Card you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon as many monsters from your GY as possible, that were equipped to this card.
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Toon monster from your hand, except "Red-Eyes Toon Dragon", ignoring its Summoning conditions.
During your End Phase, if you did not Normal Summon/Set a monster this turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick".
You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Zombie-Type monster. When this card destroys a Zombie-Type monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Gains 100 ATK/DEF for each Zombie monster on the field and in the GYs. When another Zombie monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from either GY to your field. You can only use this effect of "Red-Eyes Zombie Necro Dragon" once per turn.
When this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard by the effect of a Zombie-Type monster: You can target 1 face-up Zombie-Type monster you control; detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster on the field, and if you do, increase the targeted monster's Level by 1 and its ATK by 300 (even if the targeting conditions are no longer correct).
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish a total of 2 EARTH and/or Dragon-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon this card. During your opponent's End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Return it to the hand. You can discard this card and 1 EARTH monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. If this card is banished: You can add 1 EARTH Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Redox, Dragon Ruler of Boulders" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If your opponent controls a face-up Synchro Monster(s) and you control no face-up Synchro Monsters, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a Level 4 or higher monster.
Once per turn: You can return 1 card from your hand to the bottom of the Deck to target 1 monster your opponent controls and 1 face-up "Gusto" monster you control; switch control of both monsters.
Before damage calculation, if this card is being attacked by an opponent's monster, and was in face-up Attack Position at the start of the Damage Step: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the attacking monster's ATK. If you do, after damage calculation: Destroy this card.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon both this card from your Pendulum Zone and 1 monster that you can place a Spell Counter on from your hand, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on each of them.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 other card you control with a Spell Counter(s) and 1 card your opponent controls; return that card you control and that card your opponent controls to the hand, then place Spell Counters on this card equal to the number of Spell Counters that were on the card returned from your field. When this card with a Spell Counter is destroyed by battle: You can add 1 "Endymion" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only Special Summon "Reflection of Endymion(s)" once per turn.
When this card is sent from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Return this card to the hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 2 "Regenerating Rose Tokens" (Plant-Type/DARK/Level 3/ATK 1200/DEF 1200).
Once per turn, you can select 1 Field Spell Card in your Graveyard. Return it to the Deck.
If this card is discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. When this card is Special Summoned this way: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls OR all Spell/Trap Cards they control.
Up to twice per turn, you can remove from play 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Graveyard to have this card gain 500 ATK.
If this card is Tributed: Draw 1 card. If your monster would be destroyed by battle, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Black Illusion Ritual". Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card's ATK and DEF become equal to that equipped monster's. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy that equipped monster instead. While equipped with that monster, any battle damage you take from battles involving this card inflicts equal effect damage to your opponent.
1 Level 1 monster, except a Token  You can target 1 face-up monster this card points to; equip that face-up monster to this card (max. 1). You can only use this effect of "Relinquished Anima" once per turn. This card gains ATK equal to that equipped monster's.
If you have 4 or more Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard, you can Tribute this card to destroy all face-up Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.
His renowned athletic physique has made him famous with the populace of Dark World. They call him "Iron Wall Renge" because no one can break through his incredible defenses.
2 monsters  You can activate 1 of these effects. You can only use this effect of "Reprodocus" once per turn.  ● Declare 1 Monster Type; all face-up monsters this card points to become that Type until the end of this turn.  ● Declare 1 Attribute; all face-up monsters this card points to become that Attribute until the end of this turn.
When this card you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, add 1 "Reptilianne" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If this card attacks a monster, after damage calculation: The ATK of that monster becomes 0, also it cannot change its battle position.
1 "Reptilianne" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  When this card is Synchro Summoned, destroy all face-up monsters with 0 ATK that your opponent controls, and draw 1 card for each monster destroyed.
If all monsters you control are Reptile monsters (min. 1), while this card is in your hand: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, Special Summon this card, then take damage equal to that monster's original ATK. If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can target up to 2 face-up monsters on the field; change their ATK to 0. You can only use 1 "Reptilianne Lamia" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard and select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. The ATK of the selected monster becomes 0, and it cannot change its battle position.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. The ATK of any monster that battles this card becomes 0 at the end of that Battle Phase. During your End Phase, change this face-up Defense Position card on the field to face-up Attack Position.
If this card destroys a monster with 0 ATK by battle, you can Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard to your side of the field in face-up Defense Position. The effect(s) of that monster is negated.
Destroy this card if there are face-up monsters on the field other than this card. Destroy this card when it is targeted by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card. Neither player can Normal Summon a monster while this card is face-up on the field.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 2 face-up monsters with 0 ATK from anywhere on the field. Once per turn, you can select and destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. There can only be 1 face-up "Reptilianne Vaskii" on the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select and take control of 1 face-up monster with 0 ATK your opponent controls.
You can send this card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 2 Level 3 or lower Beast-Type monsters from your Deck, but they have their effects negated, also they are destroyed during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Cat" once per turn.
You can shuffle this card you control into the Deck; Special Summon monster(s) from your Deck, except "Rescue Ferret", whose total Levels equal 6, to your zone(s) a Link Monster(s) points to, but those Summoned monsters have their effects negated, also destroy them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Ferret" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can banish this card from your Pendulum Zone; add 2 face-up Pendulum Monster Cards with the same name from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Hamster" once per Duel.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  During the turn this card was Normal Summoned, if you have a face-up Level 5 or lower Pendulum Monster Card in your Extra Deck: You can Tribute this card; choose 1 Level 5 or lower Pendulum Monster Card in your Extra Deck, and Special Summon 2 monsters from your Deck with the same name as that card, but their effects are negated, also they are destroyed during the End Phase.
During damage calculation, if your Cyberse monster is attacked (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; you take no battle damage from that battle. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Interlacer" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was discarded to activate this card's effect this turn: Special Summon this card.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. You can banish this face-up card you control; Special Summon 2 Level 4 or lower Normal Monsters with the same name from your Deck, but destroy them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Rescue Rabbit" once per turn.
You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. If this card is destroyed by battle, select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that you own, and take control of it.
When a "roid" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can return that monster to its owner's hand.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Final Ritual of the Ancients". Once per turn, by discarding 1 Spell Card from your hand, take control of 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field until the end of this turn.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 5 or higher Insect-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished: You can send 1 Insect-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Resonance Insect".
2 Cyberse monsters  Once per turn, if another Link Monster is Link Summoned: This turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If a Link Monster you control that was Link Summoned using this card as material is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Restoration Point Guard" once per turn.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card that includes an effect that Special Summons a monster(s): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If Summoned this way, while this card is face-up on the field, any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 EARTH Insect-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand, except "Retaliating "C"".
During your Standby Phase: You can pay 500 Life Points; add this card from your Graveyard to your hand. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Vendread" Ritual Spell. This card's name becomes "Revendread Slayer" while on the field. While this Ritual Summoned card is on the field, your opponent cannot target cards you control with card effects, except this card. If this Ritual Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while in its owner's Monster Zone: You can add 1 "Vendread" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Revendread Executor" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Vendread" Ritual Spell. Once per battle, if this card battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 Zombie monster from your GY; this card gains 300 ATK. If this Ritual Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Ritual Spell from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, send 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Revendread Slayer" once per turn.
This card can only attack face-down Defense Position monsters. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster, at the start of the Damage Step: You can destroy that face-down monster.
FLIP: Shuffle this card and all face-up monsters in this card's column into the Deck.  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Change this card and all monsters in this card's column to face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Reversible Beetle" once per turn.
The effect of "Revival Golem" can only be used once per turn. When this card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard: Activate 1 of these effects. ● Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. ● Add this card from the Graveyard to your hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can pay 1000 Life Points; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position during your next turn's Standby Phase.
If a Level 5 or higher Plant-Type monster you control is destroyed, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.
"Plaguespreader Zombie" + 1 or more non-Tuner Zombie-Type monsters Negate the effects of Effect Monsters destroyed by battle with Zombie-Type monsters you control.
Armed with the Sword of Crimson Flames, this warrior can bind a monster with fiery restraints.
If 2 or more of your opponent's monsters are destroyed by battle with your monsters during the same Battle Phase, this card can make a second attack during that Battle Phase.
You can target 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. If a monster equipped with this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If a monster equipped with this card would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.
A forbidden right arm sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
A forbidden right leg sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Synchron" Tuner. If this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Lefty Driver" from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use this effect of "Righty Driver" once per turn.
FLIP: Each player discards 1 card. If this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK and DEF.
FLIP: Target 1 "Lightsworn" monster in your Graveyard; shuffle that target into your Deck, then draw 1 card.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase its Level by up to 3 until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase its Level by 1.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase its Level by 1 (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A kindly elder brother, Risebell takes good care of his little sister Saambell. He reads a Magical Book with his sister each early-afternoon, a harmonious routine that brings a smile to everyone.
After you Normal Summon this card, you can Normal Summon 1 "Ritual Beast" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Elder(s)" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Ritual Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Lara(s)" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "Ritual Beast" monsters; Special Summon it. You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Wen(s)" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Ritual Beast" or "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal or Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 "Ritual Beast" or "Zefra" monster in your Graveyard, except "Ritual Beast Tamer Zeframpilica"; Special Summon it, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Zeframpilica(s)" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Ritual Beast" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal or Pendulum Summoned: You can add 1 face-up "Zefra" monster from your Extra Deck to your hand, except "Ritual Beast Tamer Zefrawendi". You can only Special Summon "Ritual Beast Tamer Zefrawendi(s)" once per turn.
1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If this card attacks, it is unaffected by other cards' effects until the end of the Damage Step. During either player's turn: You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.
1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Once per turn: You can target 2 of your banished "Ritual Beast" cards; return them to the Graveyard, and if you do, add 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your Deck to your hand. During either player's turn: You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.
1 "Ritual Beast Ulti-" monster + 1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) If Summoned this way, this card gains this effect. ● During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your hand; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
2 "Ritual Beast" monsters  "Ritual Beast" monsters this card points to gain 600 ATK/DEF. You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your GY; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ritual Beast Ulti-Kimunfalcos" once per turn. (Quick Effect): You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.
1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster + 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be destroyed by card effects. During either player's turn: You can return this card you control to the Extra Deck, then target 2 of your banished monsters (1 "Ritual Beast Tamer" monster and 1 "Spiritual Beast" monster); Special Summon them in Defense Position.
If you Ritual Summon a DARK Ritual Monster, this 1 card can be used as the entire Tribute.
When using this card as Synchro Material for the Synchro Summon of a monster other than "Road Warrior", reduce this card's Level by 2. If this card attacks, at the end of the Damage Step: Increase its Level by 1 until the end of this turn.
"Road Synchron" + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior or Machine-Type monster from your Deck.
"Mystic Lamp" + "Hyosube"
A warrior fully covered with metal. It upgrades by fusing with "Roboyarou".
You can target 1 "Buster Blader" you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, Spell/Trap Cards that are already face-up on your opponent's side of the field cannot activate their effects. You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; the monster that was equipped with this card gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
The Commander of Machine-Types, he serves the Machine King. He is famous for the way he controls his troops.
A warrior fully covered with metal. It upgrades by fusing with "Robolady".
When this card is sent directly from your hand to the Graveyard, add this card to the Deck and shuffle it.
Protected by a solid body of rock, this monster throws a bone-shattering punch.
A golem formed by boulders, this monster turns its enemies to stone and crushes them to dust.
A fairy of boulders that looks like an earthenware statue. It is quite strong in terms of both attack and defense.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by controlling no cards, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you Special Summon this card. You cannot activate cards or effects, or Set any cards. During each of your Standby Phases, destroy this card unless you send your entire hand to the Graveyard (min.1).
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Warrior-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. It can make a second attack during each Battle Phase, also, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If the only cards on your opponent's side of the field are Defense Position monsters, this card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
During your Battle Phase, this card cannot be destroyed by battle and you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. If this card attacks a monster, after damage calculation: That attack target loses 500 ATK until the end of this turn.
You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. When this attacking card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 2 "Rockstone Tokens" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
Each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), place 1 Nut Counter on this card. You can remove 1 Nut Counter from this card to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
A deadly doll gifted with mystical power, it is particularly powerful when attacking against dark forces.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Place 1 Spell Counter on it. You can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card and discard 1 Spellcaster monster; Set 1 Continuous Spell directly from your Deck, but you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Rogue of Endymion" once per turn.
If a DARK monster(s) you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon 1 DARK monster with a different original name from that monster from your GY. You can only use this effect of "Rokket Recharger" once per turn. While you control a DARK monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher DARK Dragon monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, also destroy it during the End Phase, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.
(Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters, also destroy that card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Rokket Tracer". You can only use this effect of "Rokket Tracer" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY, except "ROM Cloudia"; add it to your hand. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster from your Deck, except "ROM Cloudia".
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material. This card's name becomes "Des Frog" while it is on the field. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Frog" monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
An amphibian capable of calling up a massive tidal wave from the dark seas to wipe out enemy monsters.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 Level 7 or higher Plant-Type monsters (1 from your hand and 1 from your Graveyard). Once per turn: You can negate the effects of all other face-up cards currently on the field, until the end of this turn.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card while you control a Plant-Type monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
If this card is added from your Deck to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card.
You can banish this card from the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand, and if you do, it is unaffected by your opponent's Trap effects this turn. You can only use this effect of "Rose Lover" once per turn.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position. You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 Level 7 or higher Plant-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Rose Paladin" once per turn.
"Feral Imp" + "Snakeyashi"
Cannot be Special Summoned. At the start of your Battle Phase, for each Plant-Type monster your opponent currently controls, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn. Each time this card destroys a Plant-Type monster by battle: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Plant-Type monster.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die twice, choose 1 result, and destroy 1 monster on the field whose Level is equal to that result.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 4 Pyro-Type monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 4 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards.
A mechanized soldier created to protect royalty.
Once per turn, you can flip this card into face-down Defense Position. When this card is flipped face-up, it gains 300 ATK and DEF until the end of the turn. (If attacked, this effect resolves after damage calculation.)
When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, gain Life Points equal to the DEF of the destroyed monster.
When this card is Tribute Summoned, Special Summon 1 "Ice Coffin Token" (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 1/ATK 1000/DEF 0) in Attack Position to your opponent's side of the field. This Token cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves (max. 3). You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; draw 1 card.
If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster, all the other Synchro Material Monsters must be Fish-Type.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Burning Abyss" Synchro Monster. If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Rubic, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" once per turn.
With an axe in each hand, this monster delivers heavy damage.
Once per turn: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ruffian Railcar" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Endless of the World". This card's name becomes "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" while on the field or in the hand. If this card is Ritual Summoned: This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn. If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 Ritual Monster you control; while that monster is face-up on your field, when your Ritual Monster declares an attack, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "End of the World". If this card destroys your opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Cycle of the World". This card’s name becomes "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" while in the hand or on the field. While this Ritual Summoned card is on the field, Ritual Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If all monsters used to Ritual Summon this card were Ritual Monsters, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this card destroys a monster by battle: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to that destroyed monster's original ATK.
"Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" + 1 Spellcaster-Type monster If this card was Fusion Summoned using a Pendulum Summoned monster(s) on the field as Fusion Material, it is unaffected by your opponent's card effects this turn. Apply the appropriate effect, depending on the original Level of the monster used as Fusion Material that was not "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". ● Level 4 or lower: This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. ● Level 5 or higher: This card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase.
During damage calculation (in either player's turn), if a "Warrior" Synchro Monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; your battling monster's ATK becomes double its current ATK during that damage calculation only. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Synchron" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Rush Warrior" once per turn.
FLIP: Apply these effects (simultaneously).  ● You can destroy 1 card on the field.  ● Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can banish 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand or GY; banish 1 card on the field. Once per turn, if your other "Lightsworn" monster's effect is activated: Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the GY.
At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled a Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster: Destroy that monster.
If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): Your opponent sends 1 card from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard.
"Warrior Dai Grepher" + "Spirit Ryu" A Fusion Summon of this monster can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, negate the effect of a Normal Trap Card by paying 1000 Life Points. Negate the effects of a Spell Card that targets this card and destroy it.
A very elusive creature that looks like a harmless statue until it attacks.
When this card is Summoned (including Flip Summon and Special Summon), select 1 face-up monster on the field and change its battle position.
A gargoyle enhanced by the powers of darkness. Very sharp talons make it a worthy opponent.
A vicious little dragon sheltered in an egg that looks deceptively harmless.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with the same Level as this card. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
Cannot be used as a Synchro Material. Up to twice per turn: You can target 1 Fish-Type monster on the field, then activate 1 of these effects.  ● Increase its Level by 1.  ● Reduce its Level by 1.  You cannot Special Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except WATER monsters.
This normally gentle dinosaur enjoys relaxing in its nest in the prairies. If it becomes angered, it turns terribly ferocious.
If you activate a Counter Trap Card, OR if you negate the activation of a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect (except during the Damage Step): You can banish 2 other Fairy monsters from your hand, field and/or GY; Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when you activated/negated) or hand (even if not). If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can add 1 "Parshath" card or 1 Counter Trap from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is Special Summoned: Draw 1 card.
2 Level 5 "Noble Knight" monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target up to 3 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Cards with different names in your Graveyard; equip those targets to this card. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 other monster on the field; destroy that target. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or higher "Noble Knight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
2+ Level 4 “Noble Knight” monsters  You can detach any number of materials from this card, then target that many cards your opponent controls; return them to the hand. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 “Noble Knight” Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except “Sacred Noble Knight of King Custennin”, and if you do, attach this card from the GY to that monster as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use each effect of “Sacred Noble Knight of King Custennin” once per turn.
During your next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. When you do: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up, unless you control another face-up "Ice Barrier" monster. In that case, this card's effect changes to select 1 monster your opponent controls and return it to the hand, instead.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled and your LP is less than 4000: Your LP becomes 4000. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Hymn of Light". During the End Phase, if this card was Ritual Summoned this turn, or if a LIGHT monster was sent from the hand or Deck to the Graveyard this turn while this card was face-up on the field: You can activate 1 of these effects; ● Draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card. ● Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand. ● Add 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard to your hand. You can only use 1 "Saffira, Queen of Dragons" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, your opponent cannot activate Spell Cards during the next turn.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards during the next turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Level 1 LIGHT Tuner from your Deck to your hand, except "Sage with Eyes of Blue". You can discard this card, then target 1 Effect Monster you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Sage with Eyes of Blue" once per turn.
This clown appears from nowhere and executes very strange moves to avoid enemy attacks.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster "Fur Hire" you control with a different name, except "Sagitta, Maverick Fur Hire". You can only use this effect of "Sagitta, Maverick Fur Hire" once per turn. Your opponent cannot target monsters "Fur Hire" you control with card effects, except this one.
1 Normal Summoned/Set monster with 1000 or less ATK  (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 1 monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects this turn. When your Normal Summoned/Set monster is destroyed by battle while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Almiraj" once per turn.
1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Salamangreat Sanctuary" from your Deck to your hand. If a "Salamangreat" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Balelynx" once per turn.
If you have 3 or more "Salamangreat" monsters in your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can target FIRE Link Monsters in your GY, up to the number of face-up cards your opponent controls; return them to the Extra Deck, then you can negate the effects of face-up cards your opponent controls, up to the number of cards returned, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Beat Bison" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters  If this card is Xyz Summoned using "Salamangreat Blaze Dragon" as material: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls. During the Battle Phase, if this card has no material: You can Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, by using this card as material (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster). You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Blaze Dragon" once per turn. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, detach 1 material from it instead.
During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn as Link Material: You can activate 1 of these effects.  ● Target 1 "Salamangreat" monster in your GY, except "Salamangreat Coyote"; Special Summon it in Defense Position.  ● Target 1 "Salamangreat" card in your GY, except "Salamangreat Coyote"; add it to your hand.  You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Coyote" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Rise of the Salamangreat". When this card is Ritual Summoned using "Salamangreat Emerald Eagle" you control: You can destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster; this turn, this card gains this effect.  ●At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster: Destroy that opponent's monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.
If this card is sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Salamangreat" Spell/Trap in your GY; Set that target to your field. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Salamangreat" monster you control, except "Salamangreat Falco"; return that monster to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Falco" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If a Cyberse monster(s) you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when that monster was destroyed) or hand (even if not), but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a Link-2 or higher Cyberse monster: You can add 1 "Salamangreat" Normal Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Fennec" once per turn.
If a "Salamangreat" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field, except "Salamangreat Fowl" (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Fowl" once per turn. You can send 1 "Salamangreat" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY, then target 1 Set Spell/Trap your opponent controls; that target cannot be activated this turn.
If you have 3 or more "Salamangreat" monsters in your GY: You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster in your GY and 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; return that monster in the GY to the Extra Deck, and if you do, destroy that card on the field. If a card(s) in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed and sent to the GY, while this card is in your GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Foxer" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 excavated "Salamangreat" card to your hand, also shuffle the rest into the Deck. If this card is in your GY, and a face-up Spell/Trap is on the field: You can discard 1 "Salamangreat" card; Special Summon this card, then you can destroy 1 face-up Spell/Trap on the field. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Foxy" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If a "Salamangreat" monster(s) is sent to your GY, except "Salamangreat Gazelle" (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Salamangreat" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Salamangreat Gazelle". You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Gazelle" once per turn.
2+ FIRE Effect Monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; shuffle it into the Deck. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was Link Summoned using "Salamangreat Heatleo" as material: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field and 1 monster in your GY; the ATK of the first target becomes equal to the other target's, until the end of this turn.
If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If you control a "Salamangreat" Link Monster, while this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Salamangreat" monster in your GY, except "Salamangreat Jack Jaguar"; shuffle that target into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon this card to your zone your "Salamangreat" Link Monster points to. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Jack Jaguar" once per turn.
If this card is added to your hand, except by drawing it for your normal draw: You can reveal this card; Special Summon it from your hand. If this card is in your hand: You can discard 1 other "Salamangreat" card; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Meer" once per turn.
2 Level 3 monsters  You can detach 1 material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, also you cannot activate monster effects for the rest of this turn, except FIRE monsters'. If this Xyz Summoned card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Salamangreat" monster: You can target 1 monster on the field; return it to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Miragestallio" once per turn.
During your Main Phase, if you Link Summoned a Link Monster this turn: You can Special Summon this card from your hand to your zone a Link Monster points to. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 5 "Salamangreat" cards in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Mole" once per turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Attack Position. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Salamangreat" monster in your GY; this card's ATK becomes equal to that monster's ATK. You can Tribute this card; gain 2000 LP. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Parro" once per turn.
2+ FIRE Effect Monsters  If this card is Link Summoned using "Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix" as material: You can destroy all cards your opponent controls. You can only use each of the following effects of "Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix" once per turn.  ● You can target 1 Link Monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it to their field.  ● If a Link Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's field: You can target 1 of those monsters; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
When a "Salamangreat" monster you control is targeted for an attack by an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target those 2 battling monsters; gain LP equal to that opponent's monster's ATK, also your targeted monster cannot be destroyed by battle this turn. When a "Salamangreat" monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Salamangreat Raccoon" once per turn.
If you control a "Salamangreat" card: You can discard this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn. If you control a "Salamangreat" monster other than "Salamangreat Spinny": You can Special Summon this card from your GY, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Spinny" once per turn.
2 FIRE Effect Monsters  If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to: You can add 1 FIRE monster from your GY to your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters with the same name as the added monster. During your Main Phase, if this card was Link Summoned using "Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf" as material: You can add 1 "Salamangreat" Spell/Trap from your GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Sunlight Wolf" once per turn.
1 "Salamangreat" monster + 1 Link Monster  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can have this card gain ATK equal to half the total original ATK of the materials used for its Fusion Summon, until the end of this turn. Once per battle, if this card battles an opponent's monster whose current ATK is different from its original ATK, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can have this card's ATK become double its current ATK, during that damage calculation only. Any monster that battles this card that was Fusion Summoned using a "Salamangreat Violet Chimera" as material has its ATK become 0 during damage calculation only.
A monster that was Link Summoned using this card as material cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects during the turn it is Summoned. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Salamangreat Wolvie" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can target 1 FIRE monster in your GY; add it to your hand.  ● If this card is added from your GY to your hand by a card effect: You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 FIRE monster in your GY; add it to your hand.
When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Tuner monster from your hand or Graveyard.
If a Cyberse Link Monster you control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while this card is in your hand or GY (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card. You can discard 1 Spell, then target 1 Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack directly this turn. You can only use each effect of "Salvagent Driver" once per turn.
When you Tribute Summon a monster by Tributing this card, return this card to your hand.
During your End Phase, if you control no Spell or Trap Cards, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Attack Position. This card's controller takes 1000 damage during each of their Standby Phases.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard, except "Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Samsara, Dragon of Rebirth" once per turn.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks an opponent's face-up monster that is not a Pendulum Monster: You can destroy that monster.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card battles an opponent's monster, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step, also that opponent's monster has its effects negated during the Battle Phase only. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 Machine monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
When this face-up Attack Position card is changed to face-up Defense Position: Destroy this card, and if you do, draw 1 card.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 Zombie monster from your Deck to the GY. If this face-up card in its owner's control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie monster from your Deck, except "Samurai Skull".
Once per turn, you can select 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls. Change it to face-up Attack Position.
3+ Dragon Effect MonstersMust be Link Summoned. If this Extra Linked card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their LP to 0, you win the Match.
Toss a coin 3 times. If all 3 results are Heads, destroy all monsters on your opponent's side of the field. If all 3 results are Tails, destroy all monsters on your side of the field. You can only activate this effect once per turn, during your Main Phase.
When this face-down Defense Position card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, except by battle, switch the original ATK and DEF of this card, and Special Summon it.
Appears from underground and attacks with long, snake-like tentacles.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. You can only control 1 "Sandaion, the Timelord". If only your opponent controls a monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Neither player takes battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Inflict 2000 damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
During damage calculation in your opponent's turn, if this card is being attacked: You can target the attacking monster; make that target's ATK 0 during damage calculation only (this is a Quick Effect). This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Add 1 monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand, but you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Sangan" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If Summoned this way, during the End Phase of this turn: You can draw 1 card.
"Sangan" + "Witch of the Black Forest"
2+ monsters with different names  This card gains effects based on the number of monsters used for its Link Summon.  ● 2+: If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone this card points to: That monster(s) gains 300 ATK/DEF.  ● 3+: Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand.  ● 4: When this card is Link Summoned: You can draw 4 cards, then place 3 cards from your hand on the bottom of the Deck in any order.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that face-down monster.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can pay 800 Life Points. If you do this, until the End Phase, Spell and Trap Cards cannot be activated.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, your opponent draws cards until his/her hand has 7 cards.
If this card battles a monster, toss a coin and call heads or tails before damage calculation. If you call it right, destroy the opponent's monster with this effect.
If this card is Summoned: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Alsahm" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "tellarknight" monster in your Graveyard, except "Satellarknight Altair"; Special Summon that monster in Defense Position, also monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn, except "tellarknight" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Altair" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "tellarknight" card in your Graveyard, except "Satellarknight Betelgeuse"; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, add that target to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Betelgeuse" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can apply the effect below for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Stellarknight Capella" once per turn (but if it resolves, you can apply the effect multiple times). ● You can treat Level 4 or lower "tellarknight" monsters you control as Level 5 when Xyz Summoning using 3 or more monsters as Xyz Materials.
If this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "tellarknight" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Satellarknight Deneb". You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Deneb" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can send 1 "tellarknight" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Procyon" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can target 1 "tellarknight" monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK, but send it to the Graveyard during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Rigel" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can target 5 "tellarknight" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Sirius" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can send 1 "tellarknight" card from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Satellarknight Unukalhai". You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Unukalhai" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "tellarknight" monster from your hand, except "Satellarknight Vega". You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Vega" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "tellarknight" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal, Flip, or Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 other "tellarknight" or "Zefra" card in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone, and 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can only use this effect of "Satellarknight Zefrathuban" once per turn.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle with a Level 7 or lower monster. During each of your End Phases: This card gains 1000 ATK. If this card attacks, this increased ATK returns to 0, after damage calculation.
If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from your GY: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If a Synchro Monster(s) with "Warrior", "Synchron", and/or "Stardust" in its original name is on your field and/or in your GY: You can make this card's Level become 4 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Satellite Synchron" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner Synchro Monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of Synchro Monsters in your GY; destroy them, and if you do, this card gains 1000 ATK for each card destroyed. If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed: You can Special Summon up to 3 Level 8 or lower "Warrior", "Synchron", and/or "Stardust" Synchro Monsters with different names from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Satellite Warrior" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Sprite's Blessing". During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a monster you control: You can discard this card; negate the activation. During either player's turn, when your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s): You can return this card from your field to the hand; negate the Special Summon, and if you do, banish that monster(s).
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. You can Tribute Summon this card face-up by Tributing 1 Dinosaur-Type monster. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. If this card is Flip Summoned: Change all other monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position. If this card is attacked, any battle damage your opponent takes from that battle is doubled.
Once per turn, you can select 1 of your opponent's monsters that is removed from play. Until the End Phase, this card's name is treated as the selected monster's name, and this card has the same Attribute, Level, ATK, and DEF as the selected monster. If this card is removed from the field while this effect is applied, remove it from play.
FLIP: You can Special Summon any number of "Black Sheep Tokens" (Zombie-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters This card's name becomes "Red Dragon Archfiend" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can destroy as many Special Summoned Effect Monsters on the field as possible with ATK less than or equal to this card's (other than this card), then inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.
If you control a monster that is not a "Burning Abyss" monster, destroy this card. You can only use 1 of these effects of "Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss" per turn, and only once that turn. ● If you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. ● During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can add 1 Level 3 DARK Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Scarm, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss".
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 Level 4 or lower "Dark World" monster from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Your opponent cannot target face-up Warrior-Type monsters for attacks, except this one. Once per turn, if this card would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed.
Each player can only Special Summon a monster(s) once per turn.
2 "Melodious" monsters During either player's turn: You can target up to 3 cards in any Graveyard(s); banish them, and if you do, this card gains 200 ATK for each. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
If your opponent controls a monster with 2000 or more ATK, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
Soldiers equipped with state-of-the-art weaponry to face unknown creatures.
During damage calculation (in either player's turn), if a "Melodious" monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; change that opponent's monster's ATK and DEF to 0, until the end of this turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters
If this face-up Defense Position card is targeted for an attack, at the end of the Battle Phase: Destroy this card. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Beast"; add that target to your hand.
If your opponent controls a monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned this way, select 1 face-up "Scrap" monster you control, and destroy it.
This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Scrap" monster and all the other Synchro Material Monsters must also be "Scrap" monsters. When this card is Normal Summoned, you can select 1 "Scrap" Tuner monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can target 1 card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. When this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 non-Synchro "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this face-up Defense Position card is selected as an attack target, destroy this card at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Goblin" and add it to your hand.
Once per turn, you can select 1 Level 4 or lower "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it to either player's side of the field.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up "Scrap" monster you control, except this card. Destroy it and send 1 Tuner monster from your Deck to your Graveyard.
When this card is Normal Summoned, destroy this card. When this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Kong", and add it to your hand.
Once per turn, while this card is in your Graveyard during your Main Phase 2, you can select 1 face-up "Scrap" monster you control, except "Scrap Mind Reader". Destroy that monster and Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. If you do, remove this card from play when it is removed from the field. If this card is used as a Synchro Material Monster, all other Synchro Material Monsters must be "Scrap" monsters.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by controlling a face-up "Scrap" monster. When Special Summoned this way, select 1 face-up "Scrap" monster you control, and destroy it. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Orthros", and add it to your hand.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 Machine-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can shuffle 2 Level 4 EARTH Machine-Type monsters from your Graveyard into the Deck; draw 1 card.
When a "Scrap" monster you control, except "Scrap Searcher", is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard while this card is in the Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. When this card is Special Summoned, destroy all face-up monsters you control, except "Scrap" monsters.
When an Effect Monster's effect or a Spell/Trap Card is activated, destroy this face-up card on the field. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 "Scrap" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Scrap" monster. If this face-up Defense Position card is selected as an attack target, destroy this card at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Soldier", and add it to your hand.
1 "Scrap" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can select 1 card you control and 2 cards your opponent controls. Destroy the one you control and return the two your opponent controls to the hand. When this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard, select 1 non-Synchro "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it.
This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase. If this card is destroyed by the effect of a "Scrap" card and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard, except "Scrap Worm", and add it to your hand.
2 monsters, including a "Scrap" monster  You can target 1 "Scrap" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then destroy 1 card you control. If a face-up "Scrap" monster(s) on the field is destroyed by a card effect while this monster is on the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Scrap" monster from your Deck, then destroy 1 card on the field. You can only use each effect of "Scrap Wyvern" once per turn.
If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: They can hand you 1 card from their hand to negate this effect, otherwise you add 1 "Goblin" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Goblin Fan".
If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to while this card is in your hand or GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Sea Archiver" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 Level 3 non-Tuner monster  When a face-up Level 3 or lower monster on the field is sent to the Graveyard, this card's ATK becomes 3000 until the End Phase of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When a monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Sea Dragoons of Draconia" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Silently creeping in from the deep sea, elite black ops marine troops of the Draconia Empire wage an endless battle against the hated Principality of Dinon on the sea's opposite shores.
A merciless monster that tears opponents to shreds with razor-like claws.
Protected by a tough shell, this master of the sea attacks its enemies with toxic bubbles.
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. You must control a Beast-Type monster (other than this card) to activate and to resolve this effect.
You can target any number of your banished Fish, Sea Serpent, and Aqua-Type monsters; equip them to this card. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can destroy 1 of those cards, instead. This card gains 1000 ATK while equipped with a monster(s) by this effect.
2 Tuners
A warrior who defends the world of the Sea of Darkness. He prides himself on his fighting prowess both on the ground and, of course, in the water.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your hand, except "Seal, Strategist Fur Hire". If a monster "Fur Hire" is Special Summoned to your field while you control this monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster "Fur Hire" in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Seal, Strategist Fur Hire" once per turn.
One of the few people who has a good command of Talismans. His history is a mystery.
If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, you can destroy the monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation. If you do, this card is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. This card's battle position cannot be changed until the end of your next turn, except with a card effect.
FLIP: Your opponent cannot Set (or flip face-down) any cards for the rest of this turn.
You can Tribute this card to select 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control. The selected monster gains 1500 ATK until the End Phase.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this monster on the field, you can equip it to your "Giant Orc" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, you can change the equipped monster's battle position once per turn. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
Face-up "Ice Barrier" monsters you control cannot be targeted by the effects of your opponent's Effect Monsters.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 DARK monster in your Graveyard with 0 ATK and/or DEF, except "Secret Sect Druid Dru"; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. Its effects are negated. You can only use the effect of "Secret Sect Druid Dru" once per turn.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Continuous Spell Card in your Graveyard; Set that target. That Set card cannot be activated this turn. You can only use the effect of "Secret Sect Druid Wid" once per turn.
When another "Six Samurai" monster is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can send 1 "Six Samurai" card from your Deck to the GY. If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck, except "Secret Six Samurai - Fuma". If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "Six Samurai" monsters; add it to your hand. If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
You can banish 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your GY and/or face-up from your field, then target 1 "Six Samurai" monster in your GY, except "Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume" once per turn. If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can add from your Deck to your hand, 1 "Six Samurai" monster with a different Attribute from every monster you control. If exactly 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
3 "Six Samurai" monsters with different Attributes  Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the GY. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be used as Fusion Material. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Six Samurai" card from your hand or face-up from your field, then target 1 card on the field; banish it. If a "Six Samurai" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
This wizard worships the darkness, and is served by a sinister hand that drags its enemies into oblivion.
1 Cyberse Link Monster  After this card is Special Summoned, you take no effect damage for the rest of this turn. Once per turn, if you would take battle or effect damage, you take no damage. Cannot be used as Link Material. You can only control 1 "Secure Gardna".
2 monsters  Once while face-up on the field, if this card is co-linked: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Security Dragon" once per turn.
When this card you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Seed of Flame"; Special Summon that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Seed Token" (Plant-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position. This Token cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
You can Normal Summon/Set this card without Tributing, but its original ATK/DEF become halved. Once per turn, if this card was Normal Summoned/Set (Quick Effect): You can destroy this face-up card, and if you do, destroy all monsters in the Main Monster Zones with ATK less than or equal to the ATK this card had on the field.
Twice per turn, you can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell or Continuous Trap Card you control to the Graveyard to inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
A mystical dragon that burns away the unworthy with its mystic flames.
2+ monsters, including a Spellcaster monster  If this card is Link Summoned: Place Spell Counters on this card equal to the number of Spells on the field and in the GYs. While an "Endymion" card is on the field, your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. Once per turn, during the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can remove 3 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position to your zone this card points to.
FLIP: Each player takes 1000 damage.  If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use each effect of "Self-Destruct Ant" once per turn.
An unstoppable savage that carries Millennium Items.
When this card is flipped face-up: You can Special Summon any number of "Ninja" monsters, except "Senior Silver Ninja", from your hand and/or Graveyard in face-down Defense Position. There can only be 1 face-up "Senior Silver Ninja" on the field.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can target 1 Continuous Spell/Trap you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, add 1 "Senka" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If your other "Senka" monster's effect is activated: You can target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Senka Adonis - Zhou Gong" once per turn.
Gains 300 ATK for each monster your opponent controls during your turn only. You can only use each of the following effects of "Senka Champion - Zhang De" once per turn.  ● If you control 2 or more "Senka" monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can activate this effect; this card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.
While you control another "Senka" monster, your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. You can only use each of the following effects of "Senka Intermediary - Sun Mou" once per turn.  ● You can send 1 card from your hand or field to the GY; add 1 "Senka" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Senka Intermediary - Sun Mou".  ● If your other "Senka" monster's effect is activated: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
If only your opponent controls a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Your opponent cannot target other "Senka" monsters you control with card effects. If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Senka Justice - Guan Yun" once per turn.
While you control another "Senka" monster, your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. You can only use each of the following effects of "Senka Noble - Liu Xuan" once per turn.  ● If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can send 1 card from your hand or field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Senka" monster from your Deck, except "Senka Noble - Liu Xuan".  ● When an attack is declared involving your other "Senka" monster: You can draw 1 card.
You can target 1 Continuous Spell/Trap you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, add from your GY to your hand 1 "Senka" Spell/Trap with a different name from the sent card. If your other "Senka" monster's effect is activated: You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Senka Tactician - Lu Jing" once per turn.
A merman warrior that relentlessly attacks those who pollute the seas with their presence.
If all monsters you control are Rock-Type monsters (min. 1) while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Sentry Soldier of Stone" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 10 or more monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 8 or higher Fairy-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard, but its effects are negated, also its ATK becomes 4000.
2+ monsters with different names  Gains 200 ATK for each counter on this card. You can only use 1 of the followings effects of "Seraphim Papillon" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● If this card is Link Summoned: Place counters on this card equal to the number of Insect monsters used for its Link Summon.  ● (Quick Effect): You can remove 1 counter from this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Insect monster from your GY in Defense Position.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Fairy-Type monster. After this card is Special Summoned to your side of the field, you can Normal Summon 1 "Melodious" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 Psychic-Type monster with 2000 or less ATK from your Deck. During the next Standby Phase, if this card stays in the Graveyard: Special Summon the monster banished by this card's effect.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is face-up on the field, its target(s) cannot be activated.
A snake with a single eye that blows an icy breath to freeze its opponents.
A dragon created from the soul of a wicked knight.
If this face-up card is returned from the field to your Deck, select and Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower monster from your Deck to your side of the field. Then shuffle your Deck.
This monster may attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; Special Summon both this card from your Pendulum Zone and 1 monster with 1000 ATK or more that you can place a Spell Counter on from your Deck, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on each of them.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  This card with a Spell Counter can attack directly. Once per opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card; place 1 Spell Counter on this card and each card you control that you can place a Spell Counter on. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone, then place Spell Counters on this card equal to the number of Spell Counters that were on this card. You can only Special Summon "Servant of Endymion(s)" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Evil Eye" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye". If this card is equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Serziel, Watcher of the Evil Eye" once per turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Destroy 1 card you control.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, when an Equip Card is equipped to this card: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent. Once per turn: You can target 1 Equip Card equipped to this card; send it to the Graveyard. When an Equip Card equipped to this card is sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
FLIP: You can draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can draw 1 card. You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Beast" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
2 Flip monsters  During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Shaddoll Construct" once per turn.
FLIP: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Dragon" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
FLIP: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" monster in your Graveyard, except "Shaddoll Falco"; Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position. You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Falco" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
FLIP: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can add 1 "Shaddoll" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Shaddoll Hedgehog". You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Hedgehog" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
FLIP: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position. (Flip monsters' effects are not activated at this time, except "Shaddoll" monsters'.) You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Hound" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
FLIP: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Shaddoll Squamata". You can only use 1 "Shaddoll Squamata" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Shaddoll" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Zefra" card in your Pendulum Zone, except "Shaddoll Zefracore"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Shaddoll Zefracore" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Shaddoll" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned or sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 card in either player's Pendulum Zone; return it to the hand. You must have a "Zefra" card in your Pendulum Zone to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only use this effect of "Shaddoll Zefranaga" once per turn.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up Level 4 or lower DARK monster you control. It can attack your opponent directly this turn.
This card gains 100 ATK for each monster in your Graveyard.
2 Level 4 "Six Samurai" monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control with less than 2000 ATK; its original ATK becomes 2000 until the End Phase.
Powerful in groups, this animal spirit can be found in the wastelands.
(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.) FLIP: Target 1 Fiend-Type monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 DARK "Vampire" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Shadow Vampire", but if you do, only that monster can attack for the rest of this turn. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a DARK monster.
The controller of this card pays 900 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 3, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. The Battle Damage this card inflicts to your opponent is halved.
You can Tribute 1 face-up DARK monster you control to inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
If all monsters your opponent controls are in Defense Position, this card can attack your opponent directly.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Mayakashi" monster in your GY, except "Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi"; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Shafu, the Wheeled Mayakashi" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Mayakashi" monsters.
2 Wyrm monsters  You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Wyrm monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot activate the effects of monsters that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Tenyi" monsters. When an attack is declared involving your face-up non-Effect Monster: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Dragon Immortal of Tenyi" once per turn.
A bow tie with horrible power, it attacks an opponent by controlling others.
3 or more (max. 5) Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; place 1 Shark Counter on this card. If this card attacks or is attacked, it gains 1000 ATK for each Shark Counter on it, during the Damage Step only.
If this face-up card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card effect, you can Special Summon up to 2 Level 4 or lower WATER monsters from your Deck.
2 Level 5 monsters Your opponent cannot target monsters for attacks, except this one. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
When a Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster is Normal or Special Summoned to your side of the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 WATER monster.
When a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then destroy 1 monster in the column this card was in, and if you do, destroy any monsters in that card's adjacent zones. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Shelrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Shelrokket Dragon" once per turn.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. When a card on the field is destroyed by battle or by a card effect, return this face-up card to its owner's hand.
During damage calculation, in either player's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; monsters you control cannot be destroyed by this battle.
Twice per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
When this card is Summoned, it is changed to Defense Position. Then, send 1 card from the top of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard for each face-up Insect-Type monster you control.
When this card is Normal Summoned, if you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster: Declare 1 Monster Type; while this card is face-up on the field, monsters with the declared Monster Type cannot declare an attack or be Special Summoned.
When this card is Normal Summoned: Place 1 Bushido Counter on it (max. 1). This card gains 300 ATK while it has a Bushido Counter on it. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Bushido Counter on; remove 1 Bushido Counter from this card, then place it on that target.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck.
During damage calculation, in either player's turn, if a "Six Samurai" monster you control battles: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; that monster cannot be destroyed by battle this turn.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Shinato's Ark". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level equal 8 or more from the field or your hand. When this card destroys a Defense Position monster and sends it to the Graveyard as a result of battle, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster.
This card is Level 4 while in face-up Defense Position.
This monster employs the powers of both Light and Darkness.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 LIGHT monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.
2 Level 2 monsters When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; that monster(s) loses 500 ATK.
The peacemaker among monsters.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Shinobird's Calling". Must be Ritual Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can return up to 3 monsters your opponent controls to the hand, then you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Spirit monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Shinobird Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/WIND/Level 4/ATK 1500/DEF 1500).
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Shinobird's Calling". Must be Ritual Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can shuffle up to 3 Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls into the Deck, then you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Spirit monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Shinobird Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/WIND/Level 4/ATK 1500/DEF 1500).
If another Zombie monster is Special Summoned from your GY, while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card. If this card is banished from the GY to activate a card effect, or by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Shinobi Necro" once per turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn, if another Spirit monster is Normal or Special Summoned while this monster is on the field: You can draw 1 card. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn, during either player's Damage Step, when this card battles an opponent's monster: You can discard 1 Spirit monster; until the end of the Battle Phase, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of the discarded monster. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 other Spirit monster on the field; return it to the hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
During either player's turn, when exactly 1 Synchro Monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field: You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target that face-up Synchro Monster; destroy that target.
During either player's turn: You can banish 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Graveyard; this card gains 600 ATK, and if it does, banish any monster that battled this card, after damage calculation. These effects last until the end of this turn. If this card is banished: You can target 1 "Shiranui" monster in your Graveyard, except "Shiranui Samurai"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Shiranui Samurai" once per turn.
1 Zombie-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Zombie-Type monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 of your banished Zombie-Type monsters; shuffle it into the Deck, and if you do, change to Defense Position all monsters your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to that monster's. If this card is banished: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 500 ATK. You can only Special Summon "Shiranui Samuraisaga(s)" once per turn.
1 Zombie-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Zombie-Type monsters If this card is Special Summoned: You can banish 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Graveyard; this card gains ATK equal to the banished monster's original ATK, until the end of this turn. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished Zombie-Type monsters with 0 DEF; return it to the Graveyard. You can only Special Summon "Shiranui Shogunsaga(s)" once per turn.
2+ Zombie monsters  Synchro Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects, also FIRE monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 of your banished Zombie Synchro Monsters; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Splendidsaga" once per turn.
If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: You can add 1 "Shiranui" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Shiranui Smith". You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Smith" once per turn. If this card is banished: You can activate this effect; this turn, Zombie-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
You can Tribute 1 Zombie-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type Tuner with 0 DEF from your Deck. If this card is banished: You can target 1 of your banished "Shiranui" monsters, except "Shiranui Solitaire", or up to 2 instead if "Shiranui Style Synthesis" is on the field; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Shiranui Solitaire" once per turn.
If this card is in your Graveyard, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 non-Tuner Zombie-Type monster in your Graveyard; banish both it and this card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels those 2 monsters had. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Spectralsword" once per turn.
You can Tribute this card, then target 2 of your banished Zombie monsters, including a "Shiranui" monster, except "Shiranui Spectralsword of Sunset"; Special Summon them in Defense Position, but their effects are negated, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Spectralsword of Sunset" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Shiranui" monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Shiranui Spiritmaster", but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is banished: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Spiritmaster" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Shiranui Spectralsword" monster from your hand or Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. If this card is banished: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Shiranui Spearitualist" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  You can only Special Summon "Shiranui Squiresaga(s)" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 face-up monster you control or in your GY, then apply these effects, in sequence, depending on what the monster was before it was banished, if it was any of these.  ● Zombie: You can have all monsters you control gain 300 ATK.  ● FIRE: You can destroy 1 Spell/Trap on the field.  ● Synchro: You can destroy 1 monster on the field.
1 Zombie-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Zombie-Type monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can return any number of your Zombie-Type Synchro Monsters, that are banished or are in your Graveyard, to the Extra Deck, then you can destroy cards your opponent controls, equal to the number of cards returned. If a Zombie-Type monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 "Shiranui" monster from your Graveyard instead. You can only Special Summon "Shiranui Sunsaga(s)" once per turn.
If this card is in your GY, and you control 2 or more "Shiranui" monsters with different names: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is banished: You can target 1 Zombie monster you control; it gains 600 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Shiranui Sensei" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  You can only Special Summon "Shiranui Skillsaga(s)" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 monster on the field; change its battle position. If this card is banished: You can Special Summon 1 "Shiranui Token" (Zombie/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Shiranui Skillsaga" once per turn.
This card gains 300 ATK for each "Lightsworn" monster with a different name in your Graveyard. During each of your End Phases: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
You can Tribute this card to select 1 face-up WATER monster on the field, destroy it, and add 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster and sent to the Graveyard: You can equip this card to that opponent's monster. That monster's ATK becomes 0, also it cannot change its battle position.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone; reveal that target, then destroy it if it is a Trap Card. Otherwise, return it to its original position. When you destroy a Trap Card by this effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 EARTH monster from your hand in face-up Defense Position.
Once per turn: You can target 1 other Level 3 Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control; the Levels of that monster and this card become the combined Levels of those monsters.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 2 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters Must be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's maximum number of attacks per Battle Phase equals the number of non-Tuner monsters used as its Synchro Material. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. When this card leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Shooting Star Dragon" from your Extra Deck.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY whose Level is lower than this card's current Level, and if you do, reduce this card's Level by the sent monster's, also you cannot activate the effects of monsters with that name for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Shooting Riser Dragon" once per turn. Once per Chain, during your opponent's Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using materials you control, including this card.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + "Stardust Dragon" Once per turn: You can excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, shuffle them back in, also this card's maximum number of attacks per Battle Phase this turn equals the number of Tuner monsters excavated. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card(s) on the field: You can negate the effect, and if you do, destroy it. Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can target the attacking monster; banish this card, and if you do, negate that attack. During the next End Phase: Special Summon this card banished by this effect.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+ non-Tuner Synchro Monsters  When a monster effect is activated that targets a monster(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 Tuner from your GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each of the following effects of "Shooting Star Dragon T.G. - Expansion" once per turn.  ● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can negate the attack.  ● During your opponent's turn, if this card is in your GY (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 2 Synchro Monsters; Special Summon this card.
2+ Cyberse monsters  At the start of your Battle Phase: You can activate this effect; this card can attack your opponent's monsters a number of times this Battle Phase, up to the number of monsters it points to +1, also for the rest of this turn, if your opponent controls exactly 1 monster and this card battles that monster, this card loses 400 ATK during that damage calculation only. At the end of the Battle Phase: You can draw cards equal to the number of monsters this card destroyed by battle this turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You cannot activate non-LIGHT monster effects during the turn you activate this effect.
Once per turn, when the battle position of this face-up card on the field is changed: Send 1 WATER monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
Armed with a pair of shovels, this monster will destroy anything that stands in its way.
Once per turn: You can send 1 Machine-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster your opponent controls with a Level less than or equal to the sent monster's; destroy that target.
"Idaten the Conqueror Star" + 1 Level 5 or higher Warrior monster  Once per turn, during the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can make the ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls 0. Once per battle, if a monster battles another monster, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can make each battling monster gain ATK equal to its own Level x 200, during that damage calculation only. If this Fusion Summoned card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Idaten the Conqueror Star" from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.)
If you Ritual Summon exactly 1 "Nekroz" Ritual Monster with a card effect that requires use of monsters, this card can be used as the entire requirement. If this card is Tributed by a card effect: You can add 1 Warrior-Type "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects. ●Banish 2 Zombie-Type monsters from your Graveyard; draw 1 card. ●Target 1 of your banished Zombie-Type monsters; place that target on the top of your Deck.
When this card is targeted for an attack: You can banish this card. During your next Standby Phase: Special Summon this card banished by this effect. If Summoned this way: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: Place 1 Signal Counter on this card and all face-up cards in the Field Zones. This card with a Signal Counter cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects. Once per turn: You can remove Signal Counters from anywhere on the field to activate 1 of these effects.  ● 4: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.  ● 7: Draw 1 card.  ● 10: Destroy 1 card on the field.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-WATER monsters.
If you control a WATER monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but you cannot Special Summon monsters from your hand for the rest of this turn.
This card is changed to Defense Position when it is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned. While this card is face-up on the field, negate the effects of all Continuous Spell Cards and Continuous Trap Cards.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Spellcaster-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 500 ATK for each card in your hand. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can negate the activation. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Silent Magician" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Silent Magician", ignoring its Summoning conditions.
Each time your opponent draws a card(s), place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 5). This card gains 500 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. During the Standby Phase of your next turn after the 5th Spell Counter is placed on this card: You can send this face-up card with 5 Spell Counters on it to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Silent Magician LV8" from your hand or Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Silent Magician LV4" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Unaffected by your opponent's Spell effects.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Silent Swordsman LV3" or "Silent Magician LV4" from your Deck to your hand. During either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated that targets exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards): You can negate the activation. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 LIGHT "LV" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard; banish that target. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Special Summon that monster banished by this effect.
You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to reduce the Level of 1 monster on the field by 1, until the End Phase.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Warrior-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: This card gains 500 ATK. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a Spell Card is activated: You can negate the activation. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Silent Swordsman" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Silent Swordsman", ignoring its Summoning conditions.
Negate your opponent's Spell effects that target this card. During your Standby Phase: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Silent Swordsman LV5" from your hand or Deck. You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is Summoned or flipped face-up.
Unaffected by your opponent's Spell effects. During your next Standby Phase after this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Silent Swordsman LV7" from your hand or Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Silent Swordsman LV5", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Negate all Spell effects on the field.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your hand to your opponent's side of the field. When Summoned this way: Draw 1 card, and if you do, your opponent gains 2000 Life Points. You can only use this effect of "Silent Wobby" once per turn. The hand size limit of this card's controller becomes 3.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: Special Summon it from the Graveyard, then, if this card was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by your opponent's card effect, your opponent returns exactly 2 cards from their hand to the bottom of their Deck, in any order.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 WIND monster in your Graveyard. When this card is destroyed as a result of battle and sent to the Graveyard, your opponent discards 1 random card from their hand.
A snow wolf that's beautiful to the eye, but absolutely vicious in battle.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Machine-Type monster from your hand. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Gadget" monster from your Deck, except "Silver Gadget". You can only use 1 "Silver Gadget" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can Set this card from your hand to your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Spell Card. During the End Phase of the turn this Set card in your Spell & Trap Card Zone was destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 card your opponent controls (if possible); Special Summon this card from the Graveyard, and if you do, destroy that target (if any).
When a Link Monster's effect is activated that targets this face-up card on the field (Quick Effect): You can destroy this card, then look at your opponent's Extra Deck and banish 1 monster from it. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field by battle or card effect and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, except "Silverrokket Dragon". You can only use each effect of "Silverrokket Dragon" once per turn.
You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 Level 4 Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon this card to your zone your linked Link Monster points to, and if you do, return that target to the hand. You can only use this effect of "SIMM Tablir" once per turn.
While face-up on the field, this card is also WIND-Attribute. You can only use each of the following effects of "Simorgh of Darkness" once per turn.  ● If you Tribute Summon a DARK or WIND monster: You can Special Summon this card from your GY (if it was there when you Summoned) or hand (even if not).  ● When a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 WIND Winged Beast monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Both players Tribute Summon WIND monsters with 1 less Tribute than required. If you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing only WIND monsters, return up to 2 cards your opponent controls to their owner's hand. This card is treated as a Normal Monster while in your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can activate this effect; during your Main Phase this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 "Simorgh" monster, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If your opponent controls no cards in their Spell & Trap Zones, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "Simorgh, Bird of Beginning" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Simorgh" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Simorgh, Bird of Bringing". If your opponent controls no cards in their Spell & Trap Zones, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "Simorgh, Bird of Bringing" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Simorgh" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Simorgh, Bird of Calamity". If your opponent controls no cards in their Spell & Trap Zones, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "  Simorgh, Bird of Calamity  " once per turn.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. If you Tribute Summon this card, all Tributes must be WIND. Each player takes 1000 damage during each of their End Phases, while this card remains face-up on the field. This damage is decreased by 500 for each Spell/Trap Card the player controls.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; return it to the hand. If your opponent controls no cards in their Spell & Trap Zones, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Winged Beast monsters. You can only use each effect of "Simorgh, Bird of Protection" once per turn.
Your opponent cannot target this Tribute Summoned card with Spell/Trap Cards or effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Simorgh, Lord of the Storm" once per turn.  ● When a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 1 WIND Winged Beast monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck.  ● When your Winged Beast monster is destroyed by battle, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand.
During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can add it to your hand, also banish 1 "Sinister Serpent" from your Graveyard during your opponent's next End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Sinister Serpent" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a DARK Synchro Monster, you can destroy 1 face-up Spell or Trap Card.
If you control both Fish and Winged Beast-Type monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When you do: You can declare a Level from 3 to 5; the Levels of all monsters you currently control become the declared Level. If you activate this effect, monsters you control cannot activate their effects for the rest of this turn, except WATER monsters.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monster with 1600 or less ATK in your Graveyard, except "Sishunder"; banish that target. During the End Phase of this turn, add that card to your hand.
FLIP: Draw 1 card.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is a Normal Monster on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it become an Effect Monster with these effects. ●This card becomes EARTH Dinosaur-Type. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon that monster to your field in Defense Position, and if you do, it becomes Zombie-Type.
"The Snake Hair" + "Blackland Fire Dragon"
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves (max. 3). You can Tribute this card with 3 Spell Counters on it; Special Summon 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 card you control that you can place a Spell Counter on; place 1 Spell Counter on it.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves (max. 3). You can Tribute this card with 3 Spell Counters on it; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves (max. 3). You can Tribute this card with 3 Spell Counters on it; Special Summon 1 "Archfiend" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 card you control that you can place a Spell Counter on; place 1 Spell Counter on it.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves (max. 3). You can Tribute this card with 3 Spell Counters on it; Special Summon 1 "Buster Blader" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
If this card is destroyed by battle: Send 2 WATER monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.
During each of your Standby Phases, you must pay 500 Life Points (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. Before resolving an opponent's card effect that targets this card, roll a six-sided die, negate the effect if you roll 1, 3 or 6, and if you do, destroy that card.
If this card is face-up on the field at the end of the Battle Phase: Destroy this face-up card. You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon up to 2 Zombie-Type monsters from your hand whose combined ATK is exactly 2000.
A lost dog that wandered off 1000 years ago. He's still waiting for his master to come for him.
Once per turn, you can Special Summon 1 "Burning Skull Head" from your hand. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect. You can add 1 "Burning Skull Head" from your Graveyard to your hand instead of conducting a normal draw in your Draw Phase.
This monster can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Magic Card, "Novox's Prayer". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 7 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.
"Tainted Wisdom" + "Ancient Brain"
If you Tribute Summon a Fiend-Type monster by Tributing this monster, Special Summon 1 "Skull Knight #2" from your Deck. Then shuffle your Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 face-up Spell Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Once per turn: You can change the battle position of this card.
A pirate ship that appears out of the mist and sinks any seagoing vessels.
During either player's turn, when a card effect is activated in your opponent's Graveyard, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to negate the effect.
This monster swoops down and attacks with a rain of knives stored in its wings.
A skeletal ghost that isn't strong but can mean trouble in large numbers.
Foist he's gonna grab yer monstah wit' his claws, den attack again wit' his poizin stingah!
When this card is sent to the Graveyard, increase your Life Points by 1000 points.
"Takuhee" + "Temple of Skulls"
2 Level 2 monsters This card cannot be destroyed by battle while it has Xyz Material. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; return the opponent's monster from the field to the hand.
A flying dragon with four wings housing some very dangerous blades.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when a Normal Monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Rumored as being formed to invade the neutral, floating Sky-State of Cxulub, these mounted air troops of the Draconia Empire have prompted bordering nations to strengthen their security.
1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster + 1 Dragon-Type monster This card's name becomes "Gaia the Dragon Champion" while it is on the field. If this card is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Spiral Spear Strike" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. When this card declares an attack on an opponent's monster: You can change the battle position of that opponent's monster.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 3 LIGHT Fairy-Type monsters and 1 DARK Fiend-Type monster in your Graveyard. Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 face-up monster on the field. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. If you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 of the following monsters, this card gets the appropriate effect: ● LIGHT Fairy-Type monster: Negate the effects of all Spell Cards. ● DARK Fiend-Type monster: Negate the effects of all Trap Cards.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster and 3 DARK Fiend-Type monsters in your Graveyard. You can pay 1000 Life Points to send all cards on the field and in both players' hands to the Graveyard, then you draw 1 card.
With eyes like a hawk and a flying speed exceeding Mach 5, this monster is a master of the sky.
1 non-WIND "Sky Striker Ace" monster  This card can attack directly. After damage calculation, if this card battled: You can send 1 "Sky Striker" card from your Deck to the GY. You can only Special Summon "Sky Striker Ace - Hayate(s)" once per turn.
1 non-FIRE "Sky Striker Ace" monster  If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Sky Striker" Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. Gains 100 ATK for each Spell in your GY. You can only Special Summon "Sky Striker Ace - Kagari(s)" once per turn.
1 non-EARTH "Sky Striker Ace" monster  You can only Special Summon "Sky Striker Ace - Kaina(s)" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it cannot attack until the end of your opponent's turn. Each time you activate a "Sky Striker" Spell Card or effect, gain 100 LP immediately after it resolves.
You can Tribute this card (Quick Effect): Special Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace" monster from your Extra Deck to the Extra Monster Zone. While this card is in your GY, if a face-up "Sky Striker Ace" Link Monster you control is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Sky Striker Ace - Raye" once per turn.
If a "Sky Striker Ace" monster(s) other than "Sky Striker Ace - Roze" is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. While this card is in your GY, if an opponent's monster(s) in the Extra Monster Zone is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of your card effect: You can Special Summon this card, then you can negate the effects of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Sky Striker Ace - Roze" once per turn.
1 non-WATER "Sky Striker Ace" monster  Monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK/DEF for each Spell in your GY. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: You can add 1 "Sky Striker" Spell from your Deck to your hand, with a name different from the cards in your GY. You can only Special Summon "Sky Striker Ace - Shizuku(s)" once per turn.
2 Level 10 monsters You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use the effect of "Skypalace Gangaridai" once per turn. This card cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
This card can attack your opponent directly. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked directly: Banish this card until your next Standby Phase.
2 Level 1 monsters Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets this face-up card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
FLIP: This card gains 500 ATK and DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle: The monster that destroyed it loses 500 ATK and DEF.
A ferocious animal that sleeps all day. Sometimes it's better to let Sleeping Lions lie.
Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. When Normal Summoned, cards and effects cannot be activated. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Send it to the Graveyard. This card gains 1000 ATK and DEF for each card in your hand. If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your opponent's field in face-up Attack Position: That monster(s) loses 2000 ATK, then if its ATK has been reduced to 0 as a result, destroy it.
A slime with the head of a frog, it attacks by croaking terribly.
The machine's ability is said to vary according to its slot results.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Slushy" from your Deck to the Graveyard. If you have 3 copies of "Slushy" total, either banished and/or in your Graveyard (combined): You can banish this card from your Graveyard to target 1 Level 5 or higher Sea Serpent-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only use the Special Summoning effect of "Slushy" once per turn.
When this card is Summoned, if you control a "Big Piece Golem", you can Special Summon 1 "Medium Piece Golem" from your Deck. That monster's effect is negated while it is face-up on the field.
During damage calculation, if you would take battle damage from an opponent's monster's attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, the damage you take from that battle is halved, also end the Battle Phase after the Damage Step. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; this card's Level becomes the same as that monster's, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Smoke Mosquito" once per turn.
This monster is formed by several serpents that break off to individually attack nearby enemies.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand, until the End Phase. You can only use the effect of "Snapdragon" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Sniffer Dragon" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Sniffer Dragon" once per turn.
You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; roll a six-sided die, and destroy that target unless you roll a 1 or 6.
When this card is destroyed by battle or by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Place 1 Ice Counter on each face-up monster on the field.
When your opponent's monster declares a direct attack, while you control a card(s) in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then destroy as many cards in your Spell & Trap Zone as possible, and if you do, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each destroyed card. You cannot Special Summon any monsters, except Machine-Type monsters.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by removing 4 Ice Counters from anywhere on the field. Other monsters with Ice Counters cannot attack or change their battle positions.
2 Level 4 WATER monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; reveal any number of WATER monsters from your hand, and place that many Ice Counters on face-up monsters on the field. Non-WATER monsters on the field lose 200 ATK for each Ice Counter on the field.
When this card is Summoned: You can create a number of Ice Counters equal to the number of WATER monsters you control, place them on a face-up monster(s) your opponent controls, then, if you placed 3 or more Ice Counters by this effect, you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
When this card is flipped face-up: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard by a card effect: If it was discarded from your hand to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, you can target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; add 1 "Dark World" card from your Deck to your hand, then Special Summon that target (if any) in face-up Defense Position.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 Plant-Type monster to select and destroy 1 face-up card your opponent controls. When a Plant-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed while this card is in the Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard. If you do, remove this card from play when it is removed from the field.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon: You can Special Summon this card. You must have 3 or more "Laval" monsters with different names in your Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card is Special Summoned with this effect, banish it when it leaves the field.
Apparently totally unreliable, he wonders if he has incredible potential.
While you control another Pyro-Type monster, this card cannot be attacked. During each of your End Phases: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but its original ATK and DEF become halved. During each of your Standby Phases: Increase the Level of this card by 1. There can only be 1 "Solar Wind Jammer" on the field.
Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Dragon monster from your Deck.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control and 1 other face-up monster on the field. Reduce the Level of the selected "Fortune Lady" monster by 3, and destroy the other selected monster.
This beast-warrior swings a massive scythe that feeds on the souls of the slain.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Melodious" monster from your Deck, except "Solo the Melodious Songstress".
2 Thunder monsters  Once per opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Thunder monster in your GY, except a Link Monster; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to.
If you control a "Melodious" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). While this Special Summoned card is on the field, all Fairy-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF.
When this card is Normal or Flip Summoned, you can add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has 1900 or more ATK.
A duck which can walk at a sonic speed. Sometimes, he cannot deal with his incredible pace and loses control.
FLIP: Your opponent cannot activate any Spell Cards until the end of the End Phase of the next turn.
A maiden that uses sound to her advantage, she wields a scythe that's shaped like a musical note.
If there are no cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones, this card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly. When it does, any Battle Damage this card inflicts to your opponent's Life Points becomes the original ATK of this card.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: All Level 2 or lower monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 face-up Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monster from anywhere on the field, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's Special Summon cannot be negated. When this card is Special Summoned: Banish all other cards from both players' hands, fields, and Graveyards. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this effect's activation.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster in your Graveyard, except "Soprano the Melodious Songstress"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Soprano the Melodious Songstress" once per turn. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 "Melodious" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials, including this card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 2 Level 6 or higher Spellcaster-Type monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
A slave of the dark arts, this sorcerer is a master of life-extinguishing spells.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned, select 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard. Special Summon that monster to your side of the field. It cannot attack your opponent directly, and is destroyed during the End Phase of this turn. The effect of "Sorciere de Fleur" can only be activated once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a Dragon-Type Xyz Monster's effect in your possession, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When Special Summoned, if your Life Points are lower than your opponent's: This card gains ATK equal to your current Life Point deficit, and if it does, your opponent takes no further damage this turn. This card cannot attack your opponent directly.
"Lord of the Lamp" + "Invader from Another Dimension"
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Normal Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 2 LIGHT monsters in your Graveyard. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK during their Battle Phase only.
2 Level 3 EARTH monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone; it cannot be activated while this card is face-up on the field. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle while it has Xyz Material: You can target 1 EARTH monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.
The soul of a tiger that is said to devour human souls. He is a famous soul that you wouldn't want to run into in a dark alley.
If you control another Zombie-Type monster, your opponent cannot target this card for attacks. Each time a Zombie-Type monster(s) is Special Summoned: Send the top 2 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
A living wonder of mystery.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can take 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or send it to the Graveyard. You can target 1 other Level 4 or lower Dinosaur-Type monster on the field; destroy it, then Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your Graveyard in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Souleating Oviraptor" once per turn.
A wicked spirit created by the hateful souls of those who fell in battle. It grows by assimilating the souls of its enemies.
2 monsters  Monsters this card points to lose 800 ATK/DEF. When a Cyberse Link Monster is Link Summoned to your field, while this card is in the GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card to your zone that monster points to, but it cannot be used as Link Material, also banish it when it leaves the field.
A Space Mambo floating in the vast universe. This living relic was found in the ruins of a super civilization on Alphard 4.
When this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; banish that target. When this card leaves the field: Set the card that was banished by this effect to your opponent's side of the field.
During the End Phase of the turn this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a Reptile-Type monster: Target 1 monster that was used for the Tribute Summon of this card; Special Summon it from the Graveyard.
FLIP: When this card is sent to the Graveyard after being flipped, each player selects 1 monster from their Graveyard, and Special Summons it in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position.
During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can increase the Levels of all Level 3 Fish-Type monsters you currently control by 1. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
This card gains 100 ATK for each of your banished Fish, Sea Serpent, and Aqua-Type monsters.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 2 Level 2 monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them, but their effects are negated.
Once per Battle Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn (except during the Damage Step): You can make its ATK become double its original ATK, until the end of the Battle Phase.
When you take effect damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the damage you took, and if you do, gain LP equal to half the damage inflicted. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can add 2 "Rokket" monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Speedburst Dragon" once per turn.
You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke". You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Den-Den Daiko Duke" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except WIND monsters. This effect cannot be negated. You can discard 1 WIND monster, then target 1 of your banished WIND monsters; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Dominobutterfly" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of a WIND Dragon or Machine-Type Synchro Monster. If this card, Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, is used as a Material for a Synchro Summon, banish it.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
During the Battle Phase, if you take battle or effect damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During either player's Battle Phase in which this card was Special Summoned by its effect, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only WIND monsters you control, including this card. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: You can send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, and if the sent card was a "Speedroid" monster, the Synchro Monster that used this card as Synchro Material gains 1000 ATK.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can target 1 of your WIND Synchro Monsters that is banished or in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Hexasaucer" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Both players take any battle damage from attacks involving this card. Any battle damage a player takes from attacks involving this card is halved. If this card in the Pendulum Zone is destroyed: You can Special Summon 1 face-up "Speedroid" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Speedroid" monster from your hand. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; send 1 WIND monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Horse Stilts" once per turn.
Cannot be used as Synchro Material except for a Synchro Summon by its own effect. During your Main Phase, if this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 WIND Synchro Monster using only this card you control and that monster. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Maliciousmagnet" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when your Defense Position monster is targeted for an attack: You can change that monster to Attack Position, also it cannot be destroyed by battle this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Speedroid" monster from your Deck to your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Marble Machine" once per turn.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card in Attack Position, and if you do, change all face-up monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Tuner monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon it to your side of the field, and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 WIND Synchro Monster, using that monster and this card only.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 Machine-Type monster, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can send 1 "Speedroid" Tuner from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; increase or reduce (min. 1) this card's Pendulum Scale by the original Level of the sent monster until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If there are no monsters on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Speedroid Passinglider" once per turn this way. When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Speedroid" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. Your opponent's monsters cannot target "Speedroid" monsters for attacks, except this one.
Cannot attack the turn it is Normal Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, that target loses 800 ATK until the end of this turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Speedroid" monster you control, except "Speedroid Red-Eyed Dice", and declare a Level from 1 to 6; it becomes that Level until the end of this turn.
If a monster is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Rubberband Plane" once per turn. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 600 ATK until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, during the Standby Phase, if your opponent controls a face-up monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Cannot be destroyed by battle with a Normal Summoned/Set monster. Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from battles involving this card. You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Skull Marbles" once per turn. If you control a face-up monster that is not a "Speedroid" monster, destroy this card.
If you control a WIND monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster from your Deck, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only Special Summon "Speedroid Taketomborg(s)" once per turn.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Speedroid" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Speedroid Terrortop". You can only use this effect of "Speedroid Terrortop" once per turn.
During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the next attack this turn from a monster your opponent controls (this is a Quick Effect).
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, Spell Cards cannot be activated. The effects of all Spell Cards are also negated.
Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card, you can destroy the Spell Card and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, return the target to the bottom of your Deck.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 2 face-up Spell Cards on the field (1 from each side of the field); banish them, and if you do, Special Summon this card.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by banishing 1 Spell Card from your Graveyard. This card can attack directly. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card.
If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Add 1 "Spellbook" Spell from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn, you can send 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. If you do, Spell Cards cannot be activated until the End Phase of your next turn, as long as this card remains face-up on the field.
Once per turn, when another Monster Card's effect is activated while there is no Spellstone Counter on this card, place 1 Spellstone Counter on this card (max. 1). This card gains 300 DEF for each Spellstone Counter on it. Once per turn, you can remove 1 Spellstone Counter from your side of the field to select 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard, and remove that card from play.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can send this card from your hand to the GY; change the attacking monster to Defense Position. When you Ritual Summon a monster, you can banish this card from your GY as 1 of the monsters required for the Ritual Summon.
While this card is face-up on the field its Attribute is also treated as LIGHT. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this card is Tribute Summoned, you can add 1 Level 3 monster from your Deck to your hand.
Many have been deceived by the beauty of this vampire.
You can pay 500 Life Points to Special Summon this card when "Pyramid of Light" is on the field. This card cannot attack during the turn that it is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. If this card destroys a Defense Position monster as a result of battle, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to half of the DEF of the destroyed monster.
Using the spikes sprouting from its body, this creature stabs its opponents and floods them with electricity.
A mechanical soldier created by a wicked sorcerer, it attacks with the two steel balls attached to its arms.
A very fast, bipedal snail with a pair of lethal arms.
All Fish, Sea Serpent, and Aqua-Type monsters you control gain 400 ATK.
When huge whirlpools lay cities asunder, it is the hunger of this sea serpent at work. No one has ever escaped its dreaded Spiral Wave to accurately describe the terror they experienced.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Normal Monster from your Graveyard to your side of the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 FIRE monster from your Graveyard. This card gains 300 ATK during your Battle Phase only.
This wise spirit dwells in books, using its accumulated knowledge to defeat enemies.
As long as this card remains in face-up Attack Position on your side of the field, increase your Life Points by 1000 points during each of your Standby Phases.
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 Flip monster from your Deck to your hand.
A spirit that soothes the soul with the music of its heavenly harp.
An elderly magician that raises mountains with his flute.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus". When this card is Special Summoned, you can Special Summon up to 4 Level 2 or lower Zombie-Type Normal Monsters from your Graveyard.
While this card is in face-up Attack Position on the field, if a player activates "Pot of Greed", they can draw 1 more card.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, the equipped monster gains 500 ATK and DEF. If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Draw 1 card. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
A free-spirited wind elemental that flits about as it desires. It brings storms when it becomes upset.
Cannot be destroyed by battle. After resolving a card effect that targets this face-up card, destroy this card. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Discard 1 random card from their hand.
You can only activate this effect during your Battle Step, if this card battles during your turn. Discard 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard to increase the ATK and DEF of this card by 1000 points until the End Step.
You can Tribute 1 monster; add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand, whose sum of original ATK/DEF equals the Tributed monster's. You can only use this effect of "Spirit Sculptor" once per turn.
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, all "Ritual Beast" monsters you control will gain 500 ATK and DEF. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Apelio(s)" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your Deck, face-up. During your second Standby Phase after this effect's activation, add the card banished by this effect to your hand. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Cannahawk(s)" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" card from your hand, then target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Pettlephin(s)" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your Extra Deck and send 1 "Ritual Beast" monster with the same Type as that monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Rampengu(s)" once per turn.
If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only Special Summon "Spiritual Beast Tamer Winda(s)" once per turn.
Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When this card is Pendulum Summoned: You can add 1 Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can banish 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; halve that target's ATK, until the end of this turn. During the Battle Phase, if this card attacked: You can banish 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; halve this card's ATK until the end of this turn, and if you do, this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase.
All non-Fairy-Type monsters lose 500 ATK and DEF. The activation and effects of Spell/Trap Cards you control cannot be negated.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 other Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard and increase its Level by the Level of that banished monster. Each player can only activate the effect of "Spore" once per Duel.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Look at 1 random card in your opponent's Extra Deck, and if it has 2000 or more ATK, this card gains 1000 ATK. If it has less than 2000 ATK, you gain LP equal to that monster's ATK.
When this card destroys an opponent's Defense Position monster by battle, you can select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, draw 1 card if it is a card of that type. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; return both monsters to the hand.
2 "SPYRAL" monsters  This card's name becomes "SPYRAL Super Agent" while on the field or in the GY. You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, and its type matches the declared type, take 1 "SPYRAL" monster from your Deck or GY, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "SPYRAL Double Helix" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can look at the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, place them on top of their Deck in any order. During either player's turn: You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "SPYRAL" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK for each card your opponent controls. You can banish this card and 1 "SPYRAL" card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
You can target 1 "SPYRAL" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, the equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. Once per turn, if this card is equipped to a monster by this effect: You can send 1 other card you control to the Graveyard; the equipped monster can attack directly this turn.
Once per turn: You can add 1 "SPYRAL MISSION" card from your Deck to your hand. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "SPYRAL Resort" and 1 "SPYRAL" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "SPYRAL Master Plan". You can only use this effect of "SPYRAL Master Plan" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "SPYRAL GEAR" card from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your Graveyard and you control "SPYRAL Super Agent": You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 3 "SPYRAL" cards from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 "SPYRAL" card you control and up to 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy them. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy as many cards you control as possible, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
If this card is in your hand: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, Special Summon this card if it is a card of that type. If this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a "SPYRAL" card: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "SPYRAL Super Agent" once per turn.
This card's name becomes "SPYRAL Super Agent" while it is on the field or in the GY. Once per turn: You can declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap) and target 1 card your opponent controls; reveal the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, destroy the targeted card if the revealed card is the declared type.
Once per turn, when this card is targeted for an attack by an opponent's monster: You can move this card you control to another of your Main Monster Zones, then, Special Summon 1 "Squid Ink Token" (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK ?/DEF 0). This Token's ATK becomes that opponent's monster's ATK. While this card is in your leftmost or rightmost Main Monster Zone, your opponent's monsters with ATK less than or equal to this card's DEF cannot target it for attacks.
"The Forgiving Maiden" + "Darklord Marie"
If this card is used as material for a Link Summon: You can target 1 other Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY, that was used as material for that Link Summon; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Stack Reviver" once per Duel.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all WATER monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all FIRE monsters by 400 points.
If this card is used for an Xyz Summon, you can treat it as a Level 5 monster. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card as an Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● If it is Xyz Summoned: Draw 1 card.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Must be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's Synchro Summon cannot be negated. When Synchro Summoned, cards and effects cannot be activated. If this card attacks, it is unaffected by other card effects until the end of the Damage Step.
Once per turn: You can send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your hand.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your hand, then you can place 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard on top of your Deck. An Xyz Monster that was Xyz Summoned using 3 or more monsters, including this card on the field, as Xyz Materials gains this effect. ● Once per turn, while this card has Xyz Material, if a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the hand, immediately draw 1 card.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Star Seraph Scepter". An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using 3 or more monsters, including this card on the field, as Xyz Materials gains this effect.  ●When it is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 other card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, you can draw 1 card.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your hand.
Cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for an Xyz Summon that uses 3 or more monsters as Xyz Materials. If you Normal or Special Summon a "Star Seraph" monster(s), except during the Damage Step: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card, then you can Special Summon it if it is a "Star Seraph" monster.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Star Seraph" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the sent monster, until the End Phase.
This card gains an effect based on your Main Monster Zone it is in.  ● Leftmost: Increase its Level by 4.  ● Rightmost: Increase its Level by 3.  ● Center: Increase its Level by 2.  ● Others: Increase its Level by 1.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  When this card is Synchro Summoned while you control no other monsters: You can target 1 "Junk" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Stardust Assault Warrior" once per turn. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Stardust Charge Warrior" once per turn. This card can attack all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls, once each.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters Must be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can banish 1 Synchro Monster from your Graveyard; this card is unaffected by other cards' effects for the rest of this turn. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can target 1 of your banished Dragon-Type Synchro Monsters; Special Summon it.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card(s) on the field: You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. During the End Phase, if this effect was activated this turn (and was not negated): You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except with its own effect or with "Assault Mode Activate". You can Tribute this card to negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect, and destroy that card. If you negate an effect this way, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard during the End Phase. When this card on the field is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Stardust Dragon" from your Graveyard.
When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard, you can select 1 "Stardust Dragon" in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. You can remove from play this card in the Graveyard to select 1 face-up Dragon-Type Synchro Monster you control. Once per turn, that Synchro Monster cannot be destroyed by battle, but each time this effect is applied, it loses 800 ATK and DEF at the end of the Damage Step.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 2 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters Must be Synchro Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. The first time each card you control would be destroyed each turn, by battle or card effect, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect: You can negate that effect, and if you do, destroy 1 card on the field. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Level 8 or lower "Stardust" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up card you control; once during this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters During either player's turn, if your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s): You can Tribute this card; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s). During the End Phase, if this effect was activated this turn (and was not negated): You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. If this card is destroyed by battle, or if this face-up card you control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 8 or lower "Warrior" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Synchro Summon.)
When you Synchro Summon "Stardust Dragon", you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-up Attack Position. Once per turn, if this card would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending any number of "Duston" monsters you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's ATK and DEF each become equal to the number of monsters sent to the Graveyard for its Summon x 1000. Your opponent cannot Flip or Special Summon any monsters, or activate any Set Spell/Trap Cards on the field. If you control more monsters than your opponent does, destroy this card.
Once per turn: You can increase the Levels of all "Starfish" you currently control by 1.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a Pendulum Monster you control battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Unless you have a "Magician" card or "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 4.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, when exactly 1 other Pendulum Monster you control (and no other cards) is returned to your hand by an opponent's card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with the same name as that returned to the hand.
2 Level 4 "Photon" monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 or 2 Xyz Materials from this card; apply this effect, depending on the number you detached. ● 1: Special Summon 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your hand. ● 2: Special Summon 1 "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" from your Deck.
2 Level 4 LIGHT monsters Once per turn: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change its ATK to 0, and if you do, it has its effects negated. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: Draw 1 card.
2 Level 4 monsters  If this card is Xyz Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Photon" monster from your hand. While this Xyz Summoned card is on the field, your opponent cannot target monsters you control with 2000 or more ATK with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 of your "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" that is banished or is in your GY; Special Summon it.
You can send any number of Dragon monsters from your hand and/or face-up field to the GY; add 1 Dragon monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level equals the total original Levels of those monsters sent to the GY. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Level 8 LIGHT or DARK Dragon monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Starliege Seyfert" once per turn.
If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Special Summoned from the hand: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can place 1 Venemy Counter on each face-up monster your opponent controls. All face-up monsters on the field other than DARK Dragon monsters lose 200 ATK for each Venemy Counter on the field.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  3 DARK Pendulum Monsters  Each time a card(s) is sent from the field to the GY, place 1 Venemy Counter on this card for each. All face-up monsters on the field other than DARK Dragon monsters lose 200 ATK for each Venemy Counter on the field. Once per turn: You can negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
2 DARK monsters on the field, except Tokens  If this card is Fusion Summoned: You can make this card gain ATK equal to 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls until the end of this turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, this card's name becomes that monster's, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. If this Fusion Summoned card is destroyed: You can destroy all Special Summoned monsters your opponent controls.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
If this card attacks, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card at the end of the Battle Phase if you control another "roid" monster.
"Gyroid" + "Steamroid"
During your opponent's Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control (this is a Quick Effect).
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, this card gains 500 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card is attacked by an opponent's monster, this card loses 500 ATK during the Damage Step only.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a Pendulum Monster: This card's ATK and DEF become half its current ATK and DEF until the end of the Damage Step.
A steel idol worshipped in the Land of Machines.
A mechanized iron doll with tremendous strength.
A non Machine-Type Monster attacking "Steel Scorpion" will be destroyed at the End Phase of your opponent's 2nd turn after the attack.
When a "Steelswarm" monster is Tribute Summoned face-up by Tributing this card: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Steelswarm" monster from your Deck.
When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing 2 "Steelswarm" monsters: Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Destroy all monsters on the field, except this card.  ● Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed, except for the Tribute Summon of a "Steelswarm" monster, and cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
If a "Steelswarm" monster is Tribute Summoned face-up while this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon or Set 1 monster in addition to your Normal Summon or Set that turn.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a "Steelswarm" monster.
You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 "Steelswarm" monster. When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Steelswarm" monster(s): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; send that target to the Graveyard and gain 1000 Life Points.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 "Steelswarm" Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). Once per turn: You can pay half your Life Points; destroy all other cards on the field.
Once per turn, if this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Steelswarm" monster(s): You can pay 1000 Life Points to target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Steelswarm" monster: You can pay 1000 Life Points to target 1 "Steelswarm" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a "Steelswarm" monster: You can pay 1000 Life Points to target up to 2 cards your opponent controls; return those targets to the hand.
2 "lswarm" monsters  While this card is in the Extra Monster Zone, if a monster would be Special Summoned from the Extra Deck to the Main Monster Zone, it must be Summoned in the zone this card points to. While this card points to a monster, neither player can target it with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn, when a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or by card effect: You can Special Summon Level 4 or lower "lswarm" monsters from your Deck in Defense Position, up to the number destroyed.
2 Level 4 monsters During either player's turn, when a Level 5 or higher monster would be Special Summoned: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the Special Summon, and if you do, destroy it.
At the start of your Main Phase 1, if you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You cannot Special Summon another monster(s) the turn you activate this effect. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed, except for the Tribute Summon of a "Steelswarm" monster, and cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster.
While this card is in face-up Attack Position, Special Summoned Level 5 or higher monsters on the field cannot activate their effects.
When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard: Target 1 face-up Ritual, Fusion or Synchro Monster on the field; destroy that target.
During damage calculation, if your opponent's monster attacks while this card is in your Graveyard: You can pay 1000 LP; Special Summon this card, and if you do, you take no battle damage from that battle, but banish this card when it leaves the field (this is a Quick Effect). You can only use this effect of "Stegocyber" once per turn.
3 or more Level 5 LIGHT monsters During your Main Phase 2, you can also Xyz Summon this card by using a "tellarknight" Xyz Monster you control as the Xyz Material, except "Stellarknight Constellar Diamond". (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) While this card has Xyz Material, neither player can send cards from the Deck to the Graveyard, and any card that returns from the Graveyard to the hand is banished instead. During either player's turn, when an opponent's DARK monster activates its effect: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate that activation, and if you do, destroy it.
3 Level 4 monsters While this card has Xyz Material, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects when you Normal or Special Summon a monster(s). Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "tellarknight" monster from your hand or Deck.
3 Level 4 "tellarknight" monsters During the turn you Xyz Summon this card, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "tellarknight" monsters. If this card is Xyz Summoned: Return all other cards on the field to the hand. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard. If this card with Xyz Material is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "tellarknight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "tellarknight" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal, Flip or Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 other "tellarknight" or "Zefra" card in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone, and 1 Set card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can only use this effect of "Stellarknight Zefraxciton" once per turn.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Return all face-up cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones to the hand.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 Level 3 "Prophecy" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Dis stone crittah's got rock-hahd fur. Dat gives him some really good dee-fense!
A dragon formed by huge boulders that are also used to attack the enemy.
With a head that erupts when angered, this monster launches a dangerous shower of boulders.
A behemoth shaped by giant boulders.
Double any Battle Damage your opponent takes when they attack this monster.
You can put your opponent's monsters that are destroyed by battle with other Psychic-Type monsters on top of their owner's Deck instead of sending them to the Graveyard. When this card is destroyed by a card effect, this card's controller takes damage equal to its original ATK.
Cannot attack directly, and cannot attack monsters in the Extra Monster Zones. Unaffected by activated effects of monsters in the Extra Monster Zones, and cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster in the Extra Monster Zone.
Once per turn, you can select and activate 1 of these effects: ● Move this card to an adjacent unoccupied Monster Card Zone. ● Return 1 Spell, Trap or Monster Card on your opponent's side of the field in the same column as this card to its owner's hand.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 WIND monster (except this card) to Special Summon 1 WIND monster from your hand. The monster Special Summoned by this effect is destroyed if "Storming Wynn" is removed from your side of the field.
Once per turn, you can send 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your hand to the Graveyard to draw 1 card.
When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by battle, both players gain 800 Life Points.
You can discard this card AND 1 Dragon-Type or WATER monster; Special Summon 1 "Tidal, Dragon Ruler of Waterfalls" from your Deck. It cannot attack this turn. You can only use the effect of "Stream, Dragon Ruler of Droplets" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can shuffle 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Graveyard into your Deck to target 1 face-up Spellcaster-Type monster on the field; increase its Level by 1 and its ATK by 500.
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can banish 2 DARK monsters from your Graveyard; banish this face-up card until the End Phase.
1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Boot Sector Launch" from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 face-up monster you control and 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; destroy that monster on the field, and if you do, add that other monster from your GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Striker Dragon" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by the following effect. If the effect activation of a monster you control is negated (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Striping Partner" once per turn.
Cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster that has the same ATK. If this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a Dragon-Type monster: It gains ATK equal to half the original ATK of the Tributed monster. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
If a Defense Position monster you control is attacked, during the Damage Step, you can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard to have that monster gain 1500 DEF until the End Phase.
It may look like a harmless stuffed animal, but its zipper mouth deals a deadly bite.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck.
1 Fiend-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can have this card gain 800 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase, also this card can make a second attack in a row.
If this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the GY: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original Level of that monster in the GY x 100. You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 Fiend monster with 2000 or less ATK from your hand.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Suanni, Fire of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Suanni, Fire of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). A Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material gains 500 ATK and DEF.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can equip 1 FIRE Warrior monster or 1 Gemini monster from your hand or Deck to this card as an Equip Spell that makes it gain 500 ATK. If this card equipped with a Gemini monster(s) is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can Special Summon as many Gemini monsters from the GY as possible, that were equipped to this card, and if you do, they become Effect Monsters and gain their effects. You can only use each effect of "Sublime Knight - Expaladin" once per turn.
During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
This card can attack your opponent directly, but when it does so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is the original ATK of this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked or was attacked: You can change this card to Defense Position.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each of your banished monsters.
You can Tribute 1 monster to Special Summon 1 "Frog" monster from your Deck, except "Frog the Jam". "Frog" monsters, except "Frog the Jam", cannot be destroyed by battle.
FLIP: You can activate this effect; this turn, "Subterror" cards you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Dragossuary" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
2 Flip monsters  Gains ATK equal to the combined original Levels of the "Subterror" monsters used for its Link Summon x 100. During your Main Phase: You can send 1 Flip monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 monster from your hand in face-down Defense Position to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Fiendess" once per turn. Once per turn, if a monster this card points to is flipped face-up: Add 1 Flip monster from your Deck or GY to your hand.
FLIP: You can send 1 card from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Phospheroglacier" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can target 1 monster on the field; change it to face-up Attack Position if it is in Defense Position, also change its ATK to 0. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Speleogeist" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can discard 1 "Subterror" monster, and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Stalagmo" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can target Set cards on the field, equal to the number of "Subterror Behemoth" monsters you control; destroy them. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Stygokraken" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can change all other face-up monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Ultramafus" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Umastryx" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can target 1 Set monster your opponent controls; take control of it until your next End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Subterror Behemoth Voltelluric" once per turn.  When a face-up monster you control is flipped face-down, if you control no face-up monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect: You can send this card from your hand or field to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Subterror" monster you control; negate the activation, then change the targeted monster to face-down Defense Position. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; change it to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Subterror" monster from your hand or Graveyard, in face-up or face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Subterror Fiendess" once per turn.
FLIP: You can add 1 "Subterror" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Subterror Guru".  You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; change both it and this card to face-down Defense Position. This effect can be activated during either player's turn, if you control another "Subterror" card. You can only use each effect of "Subterror Guru" once per turn.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks an opponent's face-down Defense Position monster, and you control another "Subterror" monster: You can shuffle that opponent's monster into the Deck. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Subterror" monster from your Deck in face-up or face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Subterror Nemesis Archer" once per turn.
During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets exactly 1 Set monster you control (and no other cards), or when a Set monster you control is targeted for an attack by an opponent's monster: You can send this card from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, then target another monster you control that would be an appropriate target; that card/effect/attack now targets the new target. While you control a Set monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
During either player's turn: You can send 1 "Subterror" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; Tribute this card and at least 1 other monster so the total original Levels Tributed equal or exceed the Level of that "Subterror" monster in the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon that monster in face-up or face-down Defense Position. If a "Subterror Behemoth" monster is flipped face-up while this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each effect of "Subterror Nemesis Warrior" once per turn.
A warrior wizard adept in casting bone-chilling spells.
During damage calculation in your opponent's turn, if this card is being attacked: You can target the attacking monster; make that target's ATK 0 during damage calculation only (this is a Quick Effect). This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
The first time a monster(s) is Summoned to your opponent's side of the field each turn, inflict 800 damage to your opponent. During the Battle Phase of the turn this effect is activated, you can negate the attack of 1 monster your opponent controls. You can send 1 face-up "Trap Reactor・Y FI", 1 face-up "Spell Reactor・RE" and this face-up card you control to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
2+ monsters with the same Type, except Tokens  If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand in Defense Position, to your opponent's zone this card points to. You can target 1 face-up monster this card points to; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck in Defense Position, with the same Type as that monster, to a zone this card points to, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Summon Sorceress" once per turn.
A fiend with dark powers for confusing the enemy. Among the Fiend-Type monsters, this monster boasts considerable force.  (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. If this card is Normal or Flip Summoned: Change this card to Defense Position. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your Deck, but that monster cannot attack this turn.
FLIP: Tribute 1 other monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.
"Fire Ant Ascator" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy the monster that destroyed this card, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK that monster had on the field. If this card on the field is destroyed, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can target 1 "Moon Dragon Quilla" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is an Equip Spell Card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a LIGHT Synchro Monster: Gain 1000 Life Points.
When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Oracle of the Sun" from your Deck, and if you do, double its ATK, also return it to the hand during the End Phase of this turn.
You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position, then you can Special Summon 1 "Supay" from your hand or Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except Synchro Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Supay, Duskwalker" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) while your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; equip 1 "Kaiju" monster from your hand or Graveyard to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the "Kaiju" monsters equipped to it by this effect.
During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; banish 1 "Kaiju" monster you control that is owned by your opponent, then, you can Special Summon 1 monster from your GY. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. This card is unaffected by other "Kaiju" cards' effects, also it cannot be destroyed by battle with a "Kaiju" monster. During your End Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Super Anti-Kaiju War Machine Mecha-Thunder-King" once per Duel.
If you have 3 Insect monsters with the same name in your GY: You can target any number of them; Special Summon this card from your hand, then equip those monsters to this card. You can send 1 Monster Card equipped to this card by this card's effect to the GY; destroy all monsters your opponent controls whose ATK is greater than or equal to the ATK of the monster sent to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Super Armored Robot Weapon - Black Iron "C"" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. This card cannot declare an attack the turn this effect is activated.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) in face-up Defense Position, by banishing "Crashbug X", "Crashbug Y", and "Crashbug Z" from your Graveyard. Switch the ATK and DEF of all face-up Attack Position monsters on the field. There can only be 1 face-up "Super Crashbug" on the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" from your hand. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" you control; it becomes Level 8 until the end of this turn. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a Machine-Type monster.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" from your hand. Once per turn, when exactly 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" (and no other cards) is added from your Graveyard to your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon it from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" from your hand. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Machine-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Super Defense Robot" monster or "Orbital 7" in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Cannot declare an attack unless you send 2 other cards you control to the GY. You can only use each of these effects of "Super Express Bullet Train" once per turn.  ● If all monsters you control are EARTH Machines (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there this turn: You can target 1 Machine monster in your GY, except "Super Express Bullet Train"; add it to your hand.
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Super Quant" monster you control; all face-up monsters you currently control become that monster's Level. You can Tribute this card; reveal 3 "Super Quant" monsters with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to Special Summon to your field, and you send the rest to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Super Quantal Fairy Alphan" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters Cannot attack unless it has Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 other face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position. This effect can be activated during either player's turn, if this card has "Super Quantum Green Layer" as Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can attach 1 "Super Quantum" monster from your hand or field to this card as an Xyz Material.
2 Level 3 monsters Cannot attack unless it has Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. This effect can be activated during either player's turn, if this card has "Super Quantum Blue Layer" as Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can attach 1 "Super Quantum" monster from your hand or field to this card as an Xyz Material.
2 Level 7 monsters  Cannot attack unless it has Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 Effect Monster on the field; negate that face-up monster's effects until the end of this turn. This is a Quick Effect if this card has "Super Quantum White Layer" as material. Once per turn: You can attach 1 "Super Quantum" monster from your hand or field to this card as material.
2 Level 5 monsters Cannot attack unless it has Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. This effect can be activated during either player's turn, if this card has "Super Quantum Red Layer" as Xyz Material. Once per turn: You can attach 1 "Super Quantum" monster from your hand or field to this card as an Xyz Material.
3 Level 12 monsters If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 3 "Super Quantal Mech Beast" Xyz Monsters with different names from your Graveyard. This card gains these effects, based on the number of Xyz Materials with different names attached to it. ● 2 or more: Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck. ● 4 or more: It is unaffected by card effects, except "Super Quant" cards. ● 6 or more: Your opponent cannot add cards from the Deck to the hand by card effects.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Super Quant" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Super Quantum Blue Layer". If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target up to 3 "Super Quant" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Super Quantum Blue Layer" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Super Quant" monster from your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Super Quant" card; draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Super Quantum Green Layer" once per turn.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only use each of these effects of "Super Quantum Red Layer" once per turn. ● When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Super Quant" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. ● If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Super Quant" monster in your Graveyard, except "Super Quantum Red Layer"; Special Summon it, but it cannot activate its effects.
You can send 1 non-LIGHT "Super Quant" monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Super Quant" monster from your Deck to the GY, and if you do, this card's Attribute and Level become the same as the sent monster's. If this card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Super Quantal Fairy Alphan" from your Deck or GY to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Super Quantum White Layer" once per turn.
"Robolady" + "Roboyarou" You can Special Summon "Super Roboyarou" by returning this card from the field to the Extra Deck. You cannot use this effect during the same turn this monster is Special Summoned. In addition, increase the ATK of this monster by 1000 points during the Damage Step when this monster inflicts Direct Damage to your opponent's Life Points.
"Roboyarou" + "Robolady" You can Special Summon "Super Robolady" by returning this card from the field to the Extra Deck. You cannot use this effect during the same turn this monster is Special Summoned. In addition, increase the ATK of this monster by 1000 points during the Damage Step when this monster battles with a monster.
You can send 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; until your opponent's next End Phase, this card's ATK becomes 3000, and this card's name becomes "Black Luster Soldier". You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Beginning Knight" or "Evening Twilight Knight" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Super Soldier Soul" once per turn.
1 "roid" Fusion Monster + 1 "roid" monster  You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 "roid" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck with ATK less than or equal to that monster. You can only use this effect of "Super Vehicroid - Mobile Base" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 "roid" monster in your Main Monster Zone (other than this card); return that monster you control to the hand, and if you do, move this card you control to that monster's Monster Zone.
"Truckroid" + "Expressroid" + "Drillroid" + "Stealthroid" When this card attacks, its original ATK is halved until the end of the Damage Step. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can select 1 face-up monster on the field, except a Machine-Type monster, and equip it to this card. While equipped by this effect, this card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.
"Steamroid" + "Drillroid" + "Submarineroid" A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "War-Lion Ritual".
You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Dinosaur-Type monster. When a Dinosaur-Type monster(s) is Special Summoned from your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step) while this monster is on the field: You can draw 1 card.
If you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 of the following monsters, it gains the appropriate effect: ● Batteryman D: Negate the effect of a Spell or Trap Card that targets this 1 card. ● Batteryman C: During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. ● Batteryman AA: This card gains 1000 ATK.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Beast-Type monster from your Deck in face-down Defense Position.
1 Gemini Monster + 1 Gemini Monster All face-up Gemini Monsters on the field are treated as Effect Monsters, and gain their effects.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon as many Level 4 or lower Fish-Type monsters as possible from your Deck, but they cannot attack and their effects are negated. During either player's turn, when this face-up card on the field is targeted by a card effect: You can Tribute 1 other Fish-Type monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
3 Level 10 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls. Your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards in response to this effect's activation.
2 Level 10 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.
3 Level 11 monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Juggernaut Liebe" by using 1 Rank 10 Machine Xyz Monster you control as material. (Transfer its materials to this card.) Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card; this card gains 2000 ATK/DEF, also you cannot declare attacks for the rest of this turn, except with this card. This card can attack monsters a number of times each Battle Phase, up to the number of materials attached to it +1.
If all monsters you control are "Superheavy Samurai" monsters, and you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has a Level; send both it and this card from the field to the Graveyard, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck 1 "Superheavy Samurai" Synchro Monster whose Level equals the total original Levels of those 2 monsters in the Graveyard. (This Special Summon is treated as a Synchro Summon.) You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Battleball" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard, this card gains 900 DEF for each Special Summoned monster your opponent controls.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. "Superheavy Samurai" monsters you control can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If they do, apply their DEF for damage calculation.
If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). After this card was Special Summoned this way, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Machine-Type monster.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack while you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; change the attack target to it and perform damage calculation. Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can change the attack target to this card and perform damage calculation. Cannot be destroyed by battle.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. Cannot be destroyed by battle.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can change this card you control from face-up Defense Position to Attack Position, and if you do, add 1 "Superheavy Samurai Soul" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Daihachi" once per turn.
If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster in your Graveyard, except "Superheavy Samurai Drum"; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Drum" once per turn.
During your Battle Phase, if your "Superheavy Samurai" monster destroyed an opponent's monster by battle this Battle Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using materials you control, including this card. If you have no Spells/Traps in your GY: You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" Synchro Monster you control; reduce its Level by 1, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your GY, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Superheavy Samurai Fist" once per turn.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster from your hand. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Superheavy Samurai Flutist" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  While you have a Spell/Trap Card(s) in your Graveyard, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 4. Once per turn, when a "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can activate this effect; that monster can make a second attack in a row (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can Tribute up to 2 "Superheavy Samurai" monsters; draw that many cards. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai General Coral" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; increase its Level by 1 (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster. When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard, and you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can look at 5 cards from the top of your Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a "Superheavy Samurai" monster, add it to your hand, and if you do, the attacking monster's ATK becomes 0. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard.
During damage calculation, if your Defense Position monster battles an opponent's monster while you have no Spells/Traps in your GY (Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control other than the battling monster; your battling monster gains DEF equal to that monster's DEF, during that damage calculation only. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): You can change as many Attack Position "Superheavy Samurai" monsters you control as possible to Defense Position, and if you do, the ones changed by this effect gain 500 DEF until the end of this turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Superheavy Samurai" monster from your hand, then change this card to Defense Position. Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack any monsters, except this one.
1 Machine-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. Once per turn, during either player’s turn, if you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
1 Machine-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. When this card is Synchro Summoned, while you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Cannot be Normal or Flip Summoned, if you have any Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard. When you take battle damage, if you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard and this card is in your hand: You can Special Summon this card, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn.
If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Superheavy Samurai" monster in your Graveyard, except "Superheavy Samurai Scales"; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Scales" once per turn.
1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster  Cannot be used as Link Material. While you have no Spells/Traps in your GY, you take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. If you have no Spells/Traps in your GY: You can discard 1 monster, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Scarecrow" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1000 DEF. During either player's Battle Phase, when your opponent activates a card effect while you control a Defense Position "Superheavy Samurai" monster: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then destroy as many monsters on the field as possible (min.1), and if you do, both players take 1000 damage.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. Each turn, the first time the monster equipped with this card by this effect would be destroyed by a card effect, it is not destroyed. When a Defense Position monster is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon that monster in Attack Position.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It loses 1000 DEF, also it cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish all "Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armors" from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster on the field whose current DEF is lower than its original DEF; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between its current and original DEF.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. It gains 400 DEF. During either player's Damage Step, when a Defense Position "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, and you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; your battling monster's DEF becomes double its original DEF until the end of this turn.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 500 ATK and DEF, also it cannot be destroyed by battle. While this card is equipped to a monster by this card's effect: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. Its Level becomes 5. During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 Defense Position "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it loses 800 DEF, but cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. While this card is equipped to a monster by this card's effect: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or field to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, monsters your opponent controls cannot attack monsters you control, except the equipped monster. You can Tribute a monster you control equipped with this card by this card's effect; Special Summon 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. If it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer".
You can target 1 "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1200 DEF. When the monster equipped with this card by this effect is targeted for an attack: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; negate that attack, but the equipped monster's DEF becomes 0.
1 Machine-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Machine-Type monsters  This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can halve this card's original DEF until the end of this turn, and if you do, this card can attack your opponent directly this turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this card was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card.
1 "Superheavy Samurai" Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters  This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. Once per turn: You can discard up to 2 cards, then target that many cards your opponent controls; destroy them. Once per turn: You can banish all Spells and Traps from the GYs, and if you do, inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card banished.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand, also if you have a Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters with the added monster's name for the rest of this turn. This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can change its battle position. If a "Superheavy Samurai" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: The opponent's monster's ATK and DEF become 0.
If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). After this card was Special Summoned this way, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. You can Tribute this card, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Destroy 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone, then you can Set the destroyed Spell/Trap Card on your side of the field. ● Destroy 1 card in your opponent's Pendulum Zone, then you can place the destroyed card in your Pendulum Zone.
If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). After this card was Special Summoned this way, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon up to 2 monsters from your hand to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position, then draw cards equal to the number of monsters Special Summoned by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Superheavy Samurai Transporter" once per turn.
If you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). After this card was Special Summoned this way, you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. If this card is Tributed for the Tribute Summon of a "Superheavy Samurai" monster and sent to the Graveyard, and you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card.
1 Machine-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "Superheavy Samurai" monsters This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. Once per turn, during either player's turn, if you have no Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card in your opponent's Graveyard; Set it to your side of the field, but banish it when it leaves the field.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing 1 "Skull Flame" in your Graveyard from play. Once per turn, you can inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each "Burning Skull Head" in your Graveyard. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Skull Flame" from your Graveyard.
FLIP: Return 2 Fusion-Material monsters that were sent to the Graveyard as a result of a Fusion Summon to your hand.
A cute little elf that hides in the shadows and provides spiritual support.
All data crushed by this network warrior's hammer is irretrievably compressed.
1 Spellcaster-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Spellcaster-Type monster This monster can only be Special Summoned by Fusion Summon (from the Extra Deck). When this card is Fusion Summoned, place 2 Spell Counters on it. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Spell Counter on it. Once per turn, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from your side of the field to activate one of the following effects: ● Select 1 card on the field, and destroy it. ● Draw 1 card.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner DARK Pendulum Monsters  If this card is Synchro Summoned: You can destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls. Once per turn, before damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can destroy that monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. If this card is in your GY: You can Tribute 2 "Supreme King Dragon" monsters; Special Summon this card.
2 Level 4 DARK Pendulum Monsters  Once per turn, before damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can detach 1 material from this card; until the end of this turn, change the ATK of that face-up opponent's monster to 0, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the original ATK of that opponent's monster. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can return this card to the Extra Deck; Special Summon up to 2 face-up "Supreme King Dragon" and/or "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck in Defense Position.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you control no monsters: You can place 1 "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone, also you cannot Pendulum Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your Graveyard and you control no monsters: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use each monster effect of "Supreme King Dragon Darkwurm" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can Tribute 1 "Supreme King Dragon" monster; destroy this card, and if you do, add 1 Pendulum Monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute 2 "Supreme King Dragon" monsters; Special Summon this card from your hand. If your Pendulum Monster battles an opponent's monster, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled. During the Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon up to 2 face-up "Supreme King Dragon" and/or "Supreme King Gate" Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck in Defense Position, except "Supreme King Dragon Odd-Eyes".
2 DARK Pendulum Monsters  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Once per turn: You can target 1 other monster on the field or in the GY; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's original name, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects, also for the rest of this turn, if your monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you control a monster, you cannot Pendulum Summon. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn, if you control "Supreme King Z-ARC": You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; gain LP equal to its ATK.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy both it and this card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Xyz or Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, but its ATK and DEF become 0, it has its effects negated, also it cannot be used as a Material for a Synchro or Xyz Summon. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you control "Supreme King Z-ARC", you take no damage. Once per turn, if you have "Supreme King Gate Infinity" in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy both it and this card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type Fusion or Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck, but its ATK and DEF become 0, it has its effects negated, also it cannot be used as a Material for a Synchro or Xyz Summon. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monsters your opponent controls cannot activate their effects. Once per turn, when your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand (except during the Draw Phase or the Damage Step): You can destroy that card(s).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  4 Dragon-Type monsters (1 Fusion, 1 Synchro, 1 Xyz, and 1 Pendulum)  Must be Fusion Summoned and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all cards your opponent controls. Cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Supreme King Dragon" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck. If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to the owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn that this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. The Battle Damage this card inflicts to your opponent's Life Points is halved.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Nordic" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
When another monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses ATK equal to the battle damage inflicted.
This card gains 500 ATK for each "Lava Battleguard" you control.
If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can have the Link Monster that used this card as Link Material lose exactly 500 ATK, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Swap Cleric" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 other WATER monster. When this card is Summoned: You can send 1 Level 2 or lower Aqua-Type WATER monster from your Deck or face-up from your field to the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can return 1 monster you control to the hand; you can Normal Summon 1 "Frog" monster during your Main Phase this turn, except "Swap Frog", in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Once per turn: You can change this card to face-down Defense Position. When this card is Flip Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase 2: You can pay 500 Life Points; Special Summon 1 "Maize Token" (Plant-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).
If you Tribute Summon this card by Tributing a WIND monster, return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the owners' hands.
If this is the only card in your hand, you can Normal Summon it without Tributing.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.
This Jurrasic juggernaut has a spine covered in sword-like plates, and a tail to split open skulls.
2 Level 6 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to declare 1 Monster Type; this card gains the following effect. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a monster of a Type that has been declared: Destroy that monster.
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster(s) by battle and sent it to the Graveyard this Battle Phase: Equip all those monsters from the Graveyard to this card as an Equip Spell Card(s) with this effect. ● The equipped monster gains 200 ATK.
If a Warrior-Type monster you control attacks your opponent's monster, and the opponent's monster is not destroyed by battle, at the end of the Damage Step you can Special Summon this card from your hand. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent.
A lethal engine of destruction that wields two well-honed blades.
If this card attacked an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: Destroy that monster during the 5th End Phase after the attack.
An amateur with a sword, this fairy warrior relies on its mysterious powers.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then if this card's DEF is higher than the attacking monster's ATK, destroy that attacking monster. An Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ●Each turn, the first time this card would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed.
A monster formed by the vengeful souls of those who passed away in battle.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can add this card from your Graveyard to your hand.
When this card is Special Summoned: You can choose either 1 or 2, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 1 Plant-Type monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Sylvan Cherubsprout" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can choose 1 "Sylvan" card from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck.
Once per turn: You can choose a number from 1 to 3, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 other Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; place that target on top of your Deck.
Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: Look at up to 3 cards from the top of your Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order.
When this card is flipped face-up: You can choose a number from 1 to 5, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
Once per turn: You can excavate a number of cards from the top of your Deck, equal to the number of cards your opponent controls, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target up to 5 "Sylvan" cards in your Graveyard, except "Sylvan Lotuswain"; place them on the bottom of your Deck in any order.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can choose either 1 or 2, then excavate that many cards from the top of your Deck, send any excavated Plant-Type monsters to the Graveyard, also place the other cards on the bottom of your Deck in any order. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: All Plant-Type monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK and DEF.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only use this effect of "Sylvan Peaskeeper" once per turn.
2 Level 1 monsters  You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Spell/Trap Card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. You can send 1 other Plant-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Sylvan" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Sylvan Princessprite" once per turn.
You can only activate each effect of "Sylvan Princessprout" once per turn. ● You can Tribute this card; excavate the top card of your Deck, send it to the Graveyard, then you can place 1 "sprout" monster in your Graveyard on top of your Deck. ● If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can declare a Level from 1 to 8; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard, and if you do, it becomes that Level.
When a "Sylvan" monster is sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 "Sylvan" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
If this card is sent from the field or the hand to the Graveyard: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. If this card is excavated from the Deck and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster on the field. Increase its Level by the number of cards in your hand; this increase lasts until the End Phase. You can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster you control and increase its Level by the number of cards in your hand; this increase lasts until the End Phase.
Once per turn, you can declare 1 Attribute and select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster on the field. That monster becomes that Attribute. You can declare 1 Attribute and remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster you control, and make it that Attribute.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Symphonic Warrior" monster from your Deck, except "Symphonic Warrior Guitaar". You can only use this effect of "Symphonic Warrior Guitaar" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Symphonic Warrior" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Unless you have a "Symphonic Warrior" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 4. Once per turn, during your End Phase: You can target 1 of your banished "Symphonic Warrior" monsters; add it to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by removing 3 Symphonic Counters from your field. After you Normal or Special Summon this card, you can Normal Summon 1 monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
Once per turn, you can declare 1 Monster Type and select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster on the field. That monster becomes that Monster Type. You can declare 1 Monster Type and remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 face-up "Symphonic Warrior" monster you control, and make it that Monster Type.
FLIP: You can add 1 "Symphonic Warrior" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Symphonic Warrior Synthess".  Once per turn: You can target 1 monster you control or in your Graveyard whose original name includes "Symphonic Warrior", except "Symphonic Warrior Synthess"; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that monster's original name, and replace this effect with that monster's original effects. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of your banished "Symphonic Warrior" monsters, except "Symphonic Warrior Synthess"; Special Summon it.
This two-headed creature spits laser blasts at its enemies.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster, you can add 1 Spell Card from your Deck to your hand with "Polymerization" or "Fusion" in the card name, except "Diffusion Wave-Motion".
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. When you Synchro Summon a Synchro Monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase 1, you can select 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control. Remove that face-up Synchro Monster you control from play and inflict 600 damage to your opponent. If you use this effect, during your next Standby Phase the removed from play monster returns to the field.
During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "Synchron" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) If another "Synchron" monster is sent to your Graveyard as a Synchro Material for the Synchro Summon of a Warrior or Machine-Type Synchro Monster, while you control this card: You can Special Summon 1 "Synchron Token" (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 2/ATK 1000/DEF 0). You can only use this effect of "Synchron Carrier" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Synchron" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, but its effects are negated.
If a Synchro Monster is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Synkron Resonator" once per turn this way. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Resonator" monster in your Graveyard, except "Synkron Resonator"; add it to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "ZW -" monster you control that is an Equip Card; Special Summon that target in Defense Position. You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. When the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "ZW -" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard, you can add any "T.A.D.P.O.L.E."(s) from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card that targets this face-up card: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the effect. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can banish 1 "T.G." monster from your Graveyard; banish this face-up card on the field (this is a Quick Effect). During the next Standby Phase after this card was banished by this effect: Special Summon this card.
If you control a "T.G." monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "T.G. Booster Raptor" once per turn this way. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Booster Raptor".
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "T.G." Tuner monster from your hand.
When using this card you control as a Synchro Material for a "T.G." Synchro Monster, you can use "T.G." monsters in your hand as non-Tuner Synchro Materials. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Cyber Magician".
This card can attack directly. You can only use each of the following effects of "T.G. Drill Fish" once per turn.  ● If all monsters you control are "T.G." monsters (min. 1): You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● When your "T.G." monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
You can only use this card name’s effect once per turn.  You can target 1 “T.G.” monster you control; Special Summon this card from your hand, then that target loses 1000 ATK.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 2 or more non-Tuner Synchro Monsters Must be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when a monster(s) would be Summoned: You can negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "T.G." monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Assault Mode Activate". You can only use each of these effects of "T.G. Halberd Cannon/Assault Mode" once per turn.  ● When your opponent would Summon a monster(s) (Quick Effect): You can negate the Summon, and if you do, banish all those monster(s), also all your opponent's Special Summoned monsters.  ● When this card on the field is destroyed: You can target 1 "T.G. Halberd Cannon" in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If a monster is Synchro Summoned: Draw 1 card. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
If a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If a "T.G." monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your field or GY instead. You can only use each effect of "T.G. Metal Skeleton" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "T.G." monsters If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card on the field is destroyed: Draw 1 card.
1 Tuner + 1 non-Tuner monster Once per turn: You can target 1 other "T.G." Synchro Monster you control; send it to the Graveyard, then, if all the Synchro Monsters that were used for its Synchro Summon are in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon all of them.
If this card attacks, it gains 400 ATK during the Damage Step only. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Rush Rhino".
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "T.G." monster in your GY, except "T.G. Screw Serpent"; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "T.G." monster you control; increase or decrease its Level by 1 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "T.G. Screw Serpent" once per turn.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner "T.G." monsters  Once per Chain, during your opponent's Main Phase, you can (Quick Effect): Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control. You can only use each of the following effects of "T.G. Star Guardian" once per turn.  ● If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "T.G." monster in your GY; add it to your hand.  ● During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "T.G." monster from your hand.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Striker".
If you use this card you control for a Synchro Summon of a "T.G." monster, you can treat it as a non-Tuner monster. If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material for the Synchro Summon of a "T.G." monster: You can Special Summon 1 "T.G. Token" (Machine/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Attack Position. You can only use this effect of "T.G. Tank Grub" once per turn.
2+ Effect Monsters, including a "T.G." Tuner  If this card is Link Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "T.G." monster each from your hand, Deck, and GY to your zones this card points to, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "T.G." monsters. You can only use this effect of "T.G. Trident Launcher" once per turn. Your opponent cannot target "T.G." Synchro Monsters this card points to with card effects.
When a Level 4 or lower monster(s) is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can add 1 "T.G." monster from your Deck to your hand, except "T.G. Warwolf".
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "T.G." monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target. If this card on the field is destroyed: Draw 1 card. During your opponent's Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control (this is a Quick Effect).
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target to face-down Defense Position. ● Target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. This turn, your opponent cannot activate cards with the same name as the card returned to the hand by this effect.
When this card is Normal Summoned successfully, no Trap Cards can be activated.
When this card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position, shuffle your own Deck.
A member of a race of sea serpents that freely travels through the sea.
This bird is known far and wide as a harbinger of doom.
This card gains 100 ATK for each Plant-Type monster you control. Other Plant-Type monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by card effects.
1 Level 2 or lower Cyberse monster  You can Tribute 1 other Cyberse monster, then target 1 "Code Talker" monster in your GY with a different original name from that monster's; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You can only use this effect of "Talkback Lancer" once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned while you control a "Melodious" monster: You can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster you control; it loses 500 ATK, and if it does, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn, when this Defense Position card on the field is changed to face-up Attack Position: You can Special Summon 1 "Nordic Beast" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Tanngnjostr of the Nordic Beasts".
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 2 "Nordic Beast Tokens" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0).
Master of Yin and Yang, this wizard handles a delicate balance of spells and counter spells.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Taotie, Shadow of the Yang Zing". You can only use this effect of "Taotie, Shadow of the Yang Zing" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase or Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "Yang Zing" monsters you control (this is a Quick Effect). Possession of a Synchro Monster on the field that used this card as a Synchro Material cannot switch.
This card cannot attack the turn it is Normal Summoned.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack, while you have no cards in your hand and this card is in your Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard, then end the Battle Phase. You can only use this effect of "Tasuke Knight" once per Duel.
If the activation of your Spell/Trap Card is negated by an opponent's card effect: You can send this card from your hand to the Graveyard; inflict 1500 damage to your opponent.
If this Normal Summoned/Set monster would be used as Synchro Material, 1 monster in your hand can be used as 1 of the other materials. If you do this, all materials for that Summon are banished instead of being sent to the GY. You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters. .
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this Synchro Summoned monster would be used as a Synchro Material, 1 monster in your hand can be used as 1 of the other Synchro Materials. Unaffected by other monsters' effects.
A bizarre monster with the torso of a horse and a fish's tail. It gallops through the sea as if it were the wind.
If a Psychic-Type monster(s) on the field would be destroyed, you can pay 500 LP and destroy this card instead.
2 or more Level 4 monsters Once per Chain, during either player's turn: You can detach 3 Xyz Materials from this card; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 monster that is 1 Rank higher than this card, except a "Number" monster, by using this face-up card you control as the Xyz Material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to this card also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can detach 7 Xyz Materials from this card; skip your opponent's next turn. During each player's End Phase: You can attach 1 "Stellarknight" card from your Extra Deck to this card as a face-up Xyz Material.
During your Main Phase, if you have activated a "Spellbook" Spell Card previously this turn: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher LIGHT or DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck. You cannot Special Summon another Level 5 or higher monster during the turn you activate this effect.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Spellcaster-Type monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, place 1 Spell Counter on it. Once per turn, you can discard any number of cards to place 1 Spell Counter on a monster(s) you control for each card you discarded. You can remove all Spell Counters on the field to inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each removed Spell Counter.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish a total of 2 WIND and/or Dragon-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon this card. During your opponent's End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Return it to the hand. You can discard this card and 1 WIND monster to the Graveyard; add 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished: You can add 1 WIND Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Tempest, Dragon Ruler of Storms" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
A mysterious temple of skulls and bones that pulls in unsuspecting enemies.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls; detach 1 Xyz Material from that monster, and if you do, all "Djinn" Xyz Monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing monsters with 10,000 or more total combined ATK and combined DEF. If Summoned this way, this card's ATK/DEF become 10,000.
An adorable fairy that celebrates the gift of love.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters / You can only control 1 "Tengu, the Winged Mayakashi". You can only use each of these effects of "Tengu, the Winged Mayakashi" once per turn.  ● If a Synchro Monster in your possession whose original Level is 9 is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in the GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card.  ● If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can destroy 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls.
This card is unaffected by the effects of Trap Cards.
If only your opponent controls a monster, or if you control an EARTH monster, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 EARTH Warrior monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Tenma the Sky Star" once per turn. Once per turn, when your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a Warrior monster you control (Quick Effect): You can make this card lose exactly 500 ATK, and if you do, negate the activation, and if you do that, destroy that card.
Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of any monster effect activated by a monster that was Normal Summoned/Set.
This card gains 400 ATK for each face-up Level 2 monster you control.
A carnivorous plant that has an outgrowth of tentacles. It attacks someone nearby by extending its tentacles.
If you control no Effect Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you control a face-up non-Effect Monster: You can banish this card from your hand or GY, then target 1 of your banished Wyrm monsters, except this card; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Tenyi Spirit - Adhara" once per turn.
If you control no Effect Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you control a face-up non-Effect Monster: You can banish this card from your hand or GY; Special Summon 1 "Tenyi" monster from your Deck, except "Tenyi Spirit - Ashuna", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Wyrm monsters. You can only use each effect of "Tenyi Spirit - Ashuna" once per turn.
If you control no Effect Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a face-up non-Effect Monster(s) you control (Quick Effect): You can banish this card from your hand or GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only use each effect of "Tenyi Spirit - Mapura" once per turn.
If you control no Effect Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. When an attack is declared involving your face-up non-Effect Monster and an opponent's face-up monster: You can banish this card from your hand or GY; that opponent's monster loses 1500 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Tenyi Spirit - Nahata" once per turn.
If you control no Effect Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If a face-up non-Effect Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can banish this card from your hand or GY, then target 1 of those destroyed monsters; Special Summon it, then you can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls. You can only use each effect of "Tenyi Spirit - Shthana" once per turn.
If you control no Effect Monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If you control a face-up non-Effect Monster: You can banish this card from your hand or GY, then target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. You can only use each effect of "Tenyi Dragon Vishudda" once per turn.
Known as a swamp dweller, this creature is a minion of the dark forces.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your hand in Defense Position.
When this card is Special Summoned: Change all other Special Summoned monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position. You can only use the effect of "Terrene Toothed Tsuchinoko" once per turn.
FLIP: You can send 1 Fiend monster from your Deck to the GY.  If this card is sent from the hand or Deck to the GY: You can Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Terrifying Toddler of Torment" once per turn.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned unless you have an Archfiend Monster Card on your side of the field. The controller of this card pays 800 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 2 or 5, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. The effects of an Effect Monster that this card destroyed as a result of battle are negated.
A feared salmon, master of the Sea of Darkness. Its roe is the best delicacy in the World of Darkness.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck.
2 monsters, including a "Gladiator Beast" monster  If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster you control; shuffle that "Gladiator Beast" monster into the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck with a different original name, and treat it as if it was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster. You can only use each effect of "Test Panther" once per turn.
If you control a face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can Tribute this card to target 1 face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster you control; shuffle that target into the Deck, then Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" from your Deck, and treat it as if it was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Gladiator Beast" monster.
Neither player can Special Summon monsters with 1800 or more ATK.
While this card is face-up on the field, when you draw a Fairy-Type monster(s), you can reveal 1 of those monsters to draw 1 more card.
When this card is Tribute Summoned successfully, your opponent cannot declare an attack during his/her next turn.
Once per turn, when your monster is targeted for an attack: You can negate that attack, then Special Summon 1 Cyberse Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or GY.
A monster that feeds on the energy of other creatures.
A zombie that suddenly appeared from plot #13 - an empty grave.
If a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: You can discard 1 card; destroy 1 card on the field. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but place it on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field. You can only Special Summon "The Abominable Unchained Soul(s)" once per turn.
Gains ATK equal to the combined Link Ratings of all Link Monsters on the field x 300.
You can pay 500 Life Points; Special Summon 1 "Mystical Shine Ball" from your hand or Deck.
If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Once per turn: You can send 1 "The Agent" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, this card's Level becomes the Level of the monster sent to the Graveyard by this effect.
This card is unaffected by any Spell Cards. While you control a face-up "The Sanctuary in the Sky" and your Life Points are higher than your opponent's, this card gains ATK and DEF by the difference between your and your opponent's Life Points.
While your Life Points are higher than your opponent's, you can Tribute this card to inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference. If you do not control a face-up "The Sanctuary in the Sky", this effect is not applied. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.
Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 "The Agent" monster in your Graveyard to select 1 face-up LIGHT Fairy-Type monster you control. The selected monster gains 800 ATK until the End Phase. While "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is face-up on the field, once per turn, you can discard 1 Fairy-Type monster to select 1 of your removed from play LIGHT Fairy-Type monsters, and Special Summon it.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can add 1 "The Agent" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "The Agent of Mystery - Earth". While "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is face-up on the field, you can add 1 "Master Hyperion" from your Deck to your hand instead.
During your Standby Phase, if you controlled this face-up card and had no cards in your hand at the end of the opponent's last End Phase: Draw 1 card.
A proud ruler of the jungle that some fear and others respect.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by paying 3000 LP. If this card Summoned this way in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): Gain 5000 LP.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 monsters you control and 1 monster from your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of that equipped monster.
An elegant thief with a black cloak that charms its enemies.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the hand or Deck. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card and pay 1000 Life Points; this card gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Both players take damage equal to this card's ATK in the Graveyard.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, your opponent draws 2 cards from their Deck.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster from your Deck, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick". If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 7 or lower "Red-Eyes" monster in your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick"; shuffle it into the Deck, and if you do, add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "The Black Stone of Legend" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
While this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish 3 other monsters from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card, also you cannot Special Summon other monsters for the rest of this turn. During your Main Phase 1: You can send all other monsters you control to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster sent to the Graveyard. You can only use each effect of "The Blazing Mars" once per turn.
The ATK of this card is the combined Levels of all face-up monsters you control x 300.
This card gains ATK equal to the combined Ranks of all face-up Xyz Monsters your opponent controls x 300.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard; send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 3 monsters whose original names are "Slifer the Sky Dragon", "Obelisk the Tormentor", and "The Winged Dragon of Ra", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's Special Summon cannot be negated. The player that Special Summons this card wins the Duel.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "The Creator" from your hand.
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding DARK Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having 5 or more DARK monsters in your Graveyard while you control no monsters. Once per turn: You can banish 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard to target 1 DARK monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
When this card is Tribute Summoned while you control no Spell/Trap Cards: You can activate this effect; your opponent declares either Continuous Spell or Continuous Trap, then you Set 1 card of that type directly from your Deck. This card gains 300 ATK for each face-up Spell/Trap Card you control. Face-up cards in your Spell & Trap Zone cannot be destroyed by card effects.
A huge dragon dwelling in a cave. It is horrible when it gets angry, although it is usually quiet. It is said to preserve certain treasures.
Place 1 Ocean Counter on this card during each player's Standby Phases. When this card is removed from the field, all Fish-Type and Sea Serpent-Type monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each Ocean Counter on this card, until the End Phase.
A bipedal eyeball that seldom misses an enemy with its lethal talons.
This gentlemanly creature is extremely wicked, feared by man and fiend alike.
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding EARTH Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.
While this card is face-up on the field, all effects of Spell, Trap, and Monster Cards that target a card(s) in the Graveyard or that activate in the Graveyard are negated.
When this card is discarded to the Graveyard, select 1 face-up card on the field, and destroy it.
If this card is discarded to the Graveyard: Special Summon it.
During your Main Phase, you can discard 1 "Fabled" monster and Special Summon this card from your hand.
When this card is discarded to the Graveyard, Special Summon it. If this card is Special Summoned this way, it gains 200 ATK and is removed from play when it is removed from the field.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can discard 1 "Fabled" monster to the Graveyard to draw 1 card.
1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  This card gains the following effect based on the number of cards in your hand:  ● 0: This card cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.  ● 3 or more: Destroy this card during the End Phase.
During your Main Phase, you can discard 1 "Fabled" monster and Special Summon this card from your hand. When this card is Special Summoned this way, you can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower "Fabled" monster from your hand.
When this card is discarded to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon it face-down on your side of the field. When this card is flipped face-up, you can reveal 1 "Fabled" monster in your hand to send 1 "Fabled" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
When this face-up card you control is selected as an attack target, you can discard 1 "Fabled" monster to negate the attack.
1 "Fabled" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters While you and your opponent have the same number of cards in hand, negate all Spell, Trap and Effect Monster effects activated by your opponent, and destroy that Spell/Trap/Monster.
If your opponent controls at least 2 more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).
Tribute this face-up card to return to your hand 1 of your monsters destroyed as a result of battle during this turn.
Grand King of the Seven Seas, he's able to summon massive tidal waves to drown the enemy.
Once per turn: You can discard 2 cards, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip that face-up monster to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 Monster Card equipped to this card by this card's effect; Special Summon it to your field.
You can Tribute this card; Special Summon up to 2 "Penguin" monsters from your Deck, except "The Great Emperor Penguin".
This monster feeds on the dreams of an unwary sleeper, dragging the victim into eternal slumber.
When this card is Normal Summoned, declare 1 Type of monster. When battling that Type of monster, increase the ATK of this card by 1000 points during Damage Calculation.
Wearing odd fashions, this gentleman is very fickle. He sometimes saves people and at other times commits crimes.
While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed, except for the Tribute Summon of a Warrior-Type monster. During your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and all the monsters in your Graveyard are Warrior-Type: You can Special Summon this card. You must also control no monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.
FLIP: Increase your Life Points by 3000 points. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, you lose 5000 Life Points.
An all-powerful hand that delivers ruthless attacks.
When this card is Special Summoned, you can equip 1 appropriate Equip Spell Card from your Graveyard to this card.
This card's name becomes "Lord of D." while on the field. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can discard 1 Spell/Trap; add 1 "The Flute of Summoning Dragon", "The Melody of Awakening Dragon", or "Dragon Revival Rhapsody" from your Deck to your hand.
Face-up Level 3 or lower Zombie-Type monsters on the field, except "The Lady in Wight", cannot be destroyed by battle and are unaffected by Spell/Trap effects. This card's name becomes "Skull Servant" while it is in the Graveyard.
"Zombyra the Dark" + "Maryokutai" When this card is Special Summoned, destroy all monsters on your side of the field except this card. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, neither player can Normal Summon, Flip Summon, or Special Summon any monster.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Forbidden One" monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 1000 ATK for each "Forbidden One" monster in your Graveyard. Unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Add 1 "Forbidden One" monster from your Graveyard to your hand. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can reveal any number of "Forbidden One" monsters in your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card for each.
While "Umi" is on the field, this card is unaffected by Spell effects and cannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly.
This card's name becomes "The Legendary Fisherman" while on the field or in the GY. While "Umi" is on the field, this card is unaffected by other monsters' effects. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can add 1 Level 7 WATER monster from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "The Legendary Fisherman". When this card is Special Summoned: You can banish all monsters your opponent controls, also this card cannot attack this turn. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also unaffected by Spell/Trap effects. Once per turn: You can return as many of your opponent's banished cards as possible to their GY, and if you do, the first battle or effect damage your opponent takes this turn becomes doubled.
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster, but the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be correct. You can Tribute Fusion Material Monsters on the field, including this face-up card; Special Summon 1 corresponding LIGHT Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.
Offer 1 monster on your side of the field as a Tribute to increase this monster's ATK by 700 points until the end of the turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Curse of the Masked Beast".
This monster melts away to materialize under its enemies, taking them by surprise.
If this card is in Attack Position: You can target 1 DARK monster on the field; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, that monster gains 800 ATK and DEF until the end of your opponent's turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "The Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to your hand, except "The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak". You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Ancient Cloak" once per turn.
2 Level 3 monsters  Once per turn: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target 2 "The Phantom Knights" monsters with the same Level in your GY; Special Summon them and increase their Levels by 1, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.
If a "Phantom Knights" card(s) is sent to your Graveyard: This card gains 500 ATK. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; during the End Phase of this turn, add 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your Graveyard to your hand. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Cloven Helm" once per turn.
2 Level 2 monsters  You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, change its ATK to 0, also it has its effects negated. This effect can be activated during either player's turn, if this card has a "The Phantom Knights" card as Xyz Material. You can only use this effect of "The Phantom Knights of Cursed Javelin" once per turn.
If a face-up "The Phantom Knights" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard and send 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Fragile Armor" once per turn.
A DARK Xyz Monster that was Summoned using this card on the field as an Xyz Material gains this effect. ● If it is Xyz Summoned: It gains 1000 ATK. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; send 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Ragged Gloves" once per turn.
Materials: 2+ DARK Monsters  During your Main Phase: You can send 1 “The Phantom Knights” monster from your Deck to the GY, then Set 1 “Phantom Knights” Spell/Trap directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone. If a DARK Xyz Monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, while this monster is on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of “The Phantom Knights of Rusty Bardiche” once per turn. Cannot be used as Link Material.
If you control a "The Phantom Knights" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand).  You can only Special Summon "The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots" once per turn this way. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Phantom Knights" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "The Phantom Knights of Silent Boots" once per turn.
A portrait cursed by the artist, it is said to bring ill fortune to anyone who owns it.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by removing from play 1 EARTH monster in your Graveyard. Increase the ATK of this monster by 300 points during your opponent's Battle Phase.
A shadow that dwells in the dark, paralyzing its opponents and rendering them harmless.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacked a face-down Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card; destroy that target. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. This card cannot declare an attack during the turn this effect is activated. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
While you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name, this card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card; destroy that target. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. This card cannot declare an attack during the turn this effect is activated. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
While you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
At the end of the Damage Step, if this card attacked: Destroy the monster this card attacked. You must control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster with a different name to activate and to resolve this effect. If this card would be destroyed, you can destroy another face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control instead.
A monster with a head of poison snakes. One look from this monster can turn an opponent to stone.
A stone monument from Easter Island that launches laser blasts from its rock-hewn lips.
FLIP: All face-down cards on the field are turned face-up, and then returned to their original positions. No card effects are activated when cards are turned face-up.
Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name; look at your opponent's hand, then if they have the declared card in their hand, apply 1 of these effects.  ● Take control of 1 monster your opponent controls.  ● Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls, then you can Set the destroyed Spell/Trap Card on your field.
Cannot be Special Summoned, except by its own effect. After this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, during the Standby Phase of the next turn: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
When this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Pyro-Type Monster from your hand.
This monster melts its way underground to attack enemies from below.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 card.
When this card is Tribute Summoned: You can change all monsters on the field to face-up Attack Position. You can Tribute 3 monsters to Tribute Summon (but not Set) this card. If Summoned this way, while this card is on the field all monsters your opponent controls lose ATK equal to their original ATK. This card can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
When Tribute Summoning an EARTH monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.
Cannot be Special Summoned. You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 monster. This card gains the total original ATK and DEF of the monster(s) Tributed for its Tribute Summon. When this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 Effect Monster in the Graveyard that was Tributed for the Tribute Summon; this card's name becomes that target's name, and this card gains that target's effects.
Tribute 1 of your monsters on the field (excluding this monster) during each of your Standby Phases. If you do not, this card is destroyed.
While this card is in face-up Attack Position on the field, this card is not destroyed as a result of battle. (Damage calculation is applied normally.) A monster that battled with this card cannot change its battle position, except with a card effect, or attack while this card is in face-up Attack Position on the field.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, the Battle Phase for that turn ends immediately.
A monster that wanders the edges of the netherworld.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your hand, Deck, or GY face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. Your opponent cannot target "The Weather" Spells/Traps you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card's effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.
If another face-up "The Weather" card you control is sent to the GY: You can target up to 2 "The Weather" Spells/Traps in your GY; place them face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "The Weather Painter Cloud" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card's effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your hand face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "The Weather Painter Rain" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card's effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.
3 "The Weather" monsters  When your opponent would Special Summon a monster(s) (Quick Effect): You can send this Link Summoned card to the GY; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s). Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card's effect: You can Special Summon this banished card. "The Weather" Effect Monsters this card points to gain the following effect.  ● When a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can banish this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "The Weather Painter Snow" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card's effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.
If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell/Trap you control to the GY; Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your hand face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "The Weather Painter Sun" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card's effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.
You can send 1 face-up Continuous Spell/Trap you control to the GY; place 1 "The Weather" Spell/Trap from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only use this effect of "The Weather Painter Thunder" once per turn. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of the turn after this card was banished from the field to activate a "The Weather" card's effect: You can Special Summon this banished card.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "The White Stone of Ancients" once per turn.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from your Deck to your hand.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set except by Tributing 3 monsters. Your opponent cannot activate Spell or Trap Cards until the end of their 2nd turn after this card is Normal Summoned. The ATK and DEF of this card are each 100 points higher than the highest face-up monster's ATK on the field (except "The Wicked Avatar").
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set except by Tributing 3 monsters. Halve the ATK and DEF of all monsters on the field, except this card.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set except by Tributing 3 monsters. The ATK and DEF of this card are each equal to the number of cards your opponent controls x 1000. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all cards on the field. During your Main Phase, you can destroy this card.
This face-up card on the field is returned to the owner's hand during the End Phase of your turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 Tributes to Normal Summon (cannot be Normal Set). This card's Normal Summon cannot be negated. When Normal Summoned, other cards and effects cannot be activated. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can pay LP so that you only have 100 left; this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the amount of LP paid. You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by its own effect, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If "The Winged Dragon of Ra" is sent from the field to your Graveyard while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this effect's activation. This card is unaffected by other cards' effects. You can pay 1000 LP; send 1 monster on the field to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Requires 3 Tributes from either side of the field to Normal Summon to that side of the field (cannot be Normal Set), then shift control to this card's owner during the End Phase of the next turn. Cannot attack. Your opponent cannot target this card for attacks or by card effects. You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "The Winged Dragon of Ra" from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and if you do, its ATK and DEF become 4000.
While you have no cards in your hand nor in your Spell & Trap Zones, this card gains 1500 ATK.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by paying 500 Life Points when both "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia" on your side of the field are destroyed at the same time; then you can Special Summon this monster from your hand or Deck. When this card is Special Summoned successfully, pay 500 Life Points to increase the ATK of this card by 3000 points until the end of the End Phase.
"Genex Controller" + 1 or more non-Tuner FIRE monsters This card gains 200 ATK for each FIRE monster in your Graveyard. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the number of "Genex" monsters in your Graveyard x 200.
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand, then, if it was a Monster Card, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original Level x 100.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: Look at your opponent's hand and discard 1 card from their hand, then, if it was a Monster Card, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original Level x 200. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a FIRE monster, add this additional effect. ● Also, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent after that.
1 "Nordic Beast" Tuner + 2 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn: You can negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. During the End Phase, if this face-up card you controlled was destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard this turn: You can banish 1 "Nordic Beast" Tuner monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card. If Summoned this way: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Gain LP equal to that monster's original ATK in the Graveyard. During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated that targets exactly 1 Psychic-Type monster (and no other cards): You can pay 1000 LP; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
"Time Wizard" + "Baby Dragon"
When this Defense Position card is attacked and if the DEF of this card is higher than the ATK of the attacking monster, destroy the attacking monster at the end of the Damage Step.
A wicked entity that controls the hearts of men, its thousand eyes are able to see and expand the negative influences in an individual's soul.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Tributing 1 "Ocean's Keeper". Your opponent must play with their hand revealed.
"Relinquished" + "Thousand-Eyes Idol" Other monsters on the field cannot change their battle positions or attack. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card's ATK and DEF become equal to that equipped monster's. If this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy that equipped monster instead.
At the end of the Damage Step, if this Defense Position card was attacked by a monster whose ATK is lower than this card's DEF: Destroy the attacking monster.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 Beast-Warrior monster in your GY; this card's Attribute and Level become the same as that monster's, until the end of this turn. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 Beast-Warrior monster with the same Attribute and Level as this card from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Three Trolling Trolls" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate either of this card's effects, except Beast-Warrior monsters.
A three-headed nocturnal monster that is absolutely ruthless when fighting.
A pair of friendly skeletons, lean and fat, that travel with extreme difficulty.
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 Cyberse monster. Monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK.
Tribute 1 Warrior-Type monster on your side of the field to destroy 1 face-up monster on the field whose DEF is equal to or less than the ATK of this card.
You can discard this card to add up to 2 "Thunder Dragons" from your Deck to your hand.
"Thunder Dragon" + 1 Thunder monster  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned during the turn a Thunder monster's effect was activated in the hand, by Tributing 1 Thunder Effect non-Fusion Monster (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). Cards cannot be added from the Main Deck to your opponent's hand except by drawing them. If this card would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 Thunder monster from your GY instead.
2+ Thunder monsters  During your Main Phase, if this card was Link Summoned: You can target 1 of your "Thunder Dragon" monsters that is banished or in your GY; apply the effect listed on it that activates by discarding itself, then place it on either the top or bottom of your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Thunder Dragon Goliath" once per turn. If a Thunder monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 3 cards from your GY instead.
3 "Thunder Dragon" monsters  Must be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned by banishing 1 Thunder monster from your hand and 1 Thunder Fusion Monster you control, except "Thunder Dragon Titan" (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). When a Thunder monster's effect is activated in the hand, even during the Damage Step (Quick Effect): You can destroy 1 card on the field. If this card would be destroyed by card effect, you can banish 2 cards from your GY instead.
(Quick Effect): You can discard this card; add 1 "Thunder Dragondark" from your Deck to your hand. If this card is banished, or sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Thunder Dragon" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Thunder Dragondark". You can only use 1 "Thunder Dragondark" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster from your GY. Once per turn, if a monster effect is activated in the hand: This card gains 300 ATK until the end of this turn. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can banish 1 card from your GY; add 1 Thunder monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: You can target 1 of your banished cards; place it on the top or bottom of your Deck.
You can discard this card; Special Summon 1 of your "Thunder Dragon" monsters that is banished or in your GY, except "Thunder Dragonhawk". If this card is banished, or sent from the field to the GY: You can shuffle any number of cards from your hand into the Deck, then draw the same number of cards. You can only use 1 "Thunder Dragonhawk" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
(Quick Effect): You can discard this card, then target 1 Thunder monster you control; it gains 500 ATK. If this card is banished, or sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 "Thunder Dragonmatrix" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Thunder Dragonmatrix" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can discard this card; add to your hand, 1 of your "Thunder Dragon" cards that is banished or in your GY, except "Thunder Dragonroar". If this card is banished, or sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Thunder Dragon" monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but return it to the hand during the End Phase. You can only use 1 "Thunder Dragonroar" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
2 Level 8 Normal Monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; destroy all other monsters on the field.
This monster stores electricity within his body, and can unleash it with catastrophic power.
Neither player can add cards from their Deck to their hand except by drawing them. During either player's turn, when your opponent would Special Summon exactly 1 monster: You can send this face-up card to the Graveyard; negate the Special Summon, and if you do, destroy it.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) to your opponent's side of the field in Attack Position, by Tributing 1 monster they control. If your opponent controls a "Kaiju" monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Attack Position. You can only control 1 "Kaiju" monster. Once per turn: You can remove 3 Kaiju Counters from anywhere on the field; your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated for the rest of this turn, also this card can make up to 3 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase this turn.
If there is a non-LIGHT monster on your side of the field, destroy this face-up card.
You can discard this card; add 2 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monsters of the same name with 1600 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Thunder Sea Horse" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect.
1 Beast-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. It loses 500 ATK for each monster you control, until the End Phase. During the turn this effect is activated, no other monsters can attack, except this card.
When your opponent activates a monster effect while you control this Special Summoned monster (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 Thunder monster from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Thunderclap Monk" once per turn.
If this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: You can destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.
If this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can banish a total of 2 WATER and/or Dragon-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon this card. During your opponent's End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned: Return it to the hand. You can discard this card and 1 WATER monster to the Graveyard; send 1 monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If this card is banished: You can add 1 WATER Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Tidal, Dragon Ruler of Waterfalls" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by shuffling 10 other cards with different names from your hand and/or field into the Deck and/or Extra Deck, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card's Special Summon cannot be negated. If this card is Special Summoned: Shuffle all cards into the Deck, except this card, from each player's hand, field, Graveyard, and face-up Pendulum Monsters from the Extra Deck. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
A fast and powerful axe-wielding beast-warrior.
When this card is Tribute Summoned by Tributing a Dragon-Type monster: You can target up to 2 face-down Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls; destroy those targets.
"Legendary Knight Timaeus" + "Legendary Knight Critias" + "Legendary Knight Hermos" Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending the above cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Unaffected by other cards' effects. Once per battle, if this card battles, during damage calculation (in either player's turn): You can make this card's ATK and DEF become equal to the ATK of the monster on the field with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied). When this card is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 3 "Legendary Knight" monsters from your hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
During either player's turn: You can discard this card, then target 1 Psychic-Type monster you control; banish it until your next Standby Phase.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos", using a Spellcaster-Type monster, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 other face-up monster on the field; equip this card to it. At the start of the Damage Step, if it battles an opponent's monster: You can roll a six-sided die, and banish that opponent's monster until the Standby Phase of the Nth turn after this effect's activation (N = the result).
If you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a "Timelord" monster. You can Tribute this card; add 1 "Timelord" monster with 0 ATK from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Timelord" monster with 0 ATK from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You cannot Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this effect.
(Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Time Thief" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 card from your opponent's GY to that monster as material. If this card is in the GY: You can detach 1 material from an Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Bezel Ship" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters  During the Standby Phase: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 "Time Thief" monster in your GY, except "Time Thief Perpetua"; Special Summon it. (Quick Effect): You can target 1 other Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Time Thief" card from your Deck to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Perpetua" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can attach the top card of your opponent's Deck to this card as material. (Quick Effect): You can detach up to 3 different types of materials from this card, then apply the following effect(s) depending on what was detached.  ● Monster: Banish this card until the End Phase. ● Spell: Draw 1 card.  ● Trap: Place 1 face-up card your opponent controls on the top of the Deck.  You can only use this effect of "Time Thief Redoer" once per turn.
If you control no other monsters: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 2 "Time Thief" monsters with different names from your Deck in Defense Position, except "Time Thief Regulator". When an Xyz Monster you control is destroyed by battle, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Regulator" once per turn.
During your opponent's Battle Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; the next time you would take battle damage from an opponent's attacking monster this turn, your opponent takes that battle damage instead. If a face-up Xyz Monster(s) you control leaves the field because of a card effect, while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Time Recorder" once per turn.
You can detach 1 material from an Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Time Thief" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Time Thief Winder". You can only use each effect of "Time Thief Winder" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, destroy all monsters your opponent controls. If you call it wrong, destroy as many monsters you control as possible, and if you do, take damage equal to half the total ATK those destroyed monsters had on the field.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Your opponent skips their next Main Phase 1.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Each turn, the first Pendulum Monster(s) you control that would be destroyed by an opponent's card effect, is not destroyed.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Pendulum Summoned from the hand (and no other cards are Pendulum Summoned at the same time): You can make this card's ATK become double its original ATK. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field; banish both it and this card from the field, but return them in your next Standby Phase.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You must control no monsters to activate this card. If a Pendulum Monster you control battles, your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Unless you have a "Magician" card or "Odd-Eyes" card in your other Pendulum Zone, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 4.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Each turn, the first card(s) in your Pendulum Zone that would be destroyed by an opponent's card effect, is not destroyed.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card Special Summoned from the Extra Deck battled: You can banish all monsters your opponent controls, also, for the rest of this turn, any battle damage your opponent takes is halved. Once per turn, during the End Phase of the turn this effect was activated: Special Summon as many monsters that were banished by that effect as possible to your opponent's field.
2 Level 4 "Magician" Pendulum Monsters  Must first be Xyz Summoned with the above Xyz Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add to your hand, 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck, Graveyard, or face-up from your Extra Deck. Once per turn, if a Pendulum Monster Card(s) in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard instead.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; change its battle position. (Flip monsters' effects are not activated.)
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your hand.
3 "Tindangle" monsters  Gains 3000 ATK if you have 3 or more "Tindangle" monsters with different names in your GY, including "Tindangle Base Gardna". Gains 500 ATK for each "Tindangle" monster it points to. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card declared an attack: You can Special Summon 1 "Tindangle Token" (Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 Flip monster from your hand or GY in face-down Defense Position, except "Tindangle Angel", then if it is your opponent's Battle Phase, end the Battle Phase. You can only use this effect of "Tindangle Angel" once per turn.
If you control a face-down Defense Position monster, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position. You can only Special Summon "Tindangle Base Gardna" once per turn this way. If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, and is now pointed to by an opponent's Link Monster (except during the Damage Step): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 "Tindangle" monster from your hand or Deck in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: You can target 1 other face-up monster on the field; this card gains ATK equal to that target's original ATK, then change that target to face-down Defense Position.  Each monster your opponent controls loses 1000 ATK for each monster linked to it. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 face-down monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position.
FLIP: You can add 1 "Tindangle" card from your Deck to your hand.  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Tindangle" card from your Deck to the GY. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field in face-down Defense Position while this card is in your GY: Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position (this is not optional). You can only use each effect of "Tindangle Intruder" once per turn.
FLIP: You can take 1 Flip monster from your Deck, except "Tindangle Jhrelth", and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY.  If this card is in your hand: You can discard 1 other card; send 1 "Tindangle" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Tindangle Jhrelth", and if you do, Special Summon this card in face-down Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Tindangle Jhrelth" once per turn.
FLIP: You can change up to 3 face-down Defense Position monsters you control to face-up Defense Position, then if all those monsters are "Tindangle" monsters, you can add up to that many "Tindangle" cards from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Tindangle Protector" once per turn.
FLIP: You can Special Summon 1 "Tindangle Base Gardna" from your Deck.  If this card was flipped face-up, your "Tindangle" monsters cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Tindangle" monster: You can add 1 "Gergonne's End" from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, send 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Tindangle Trinity" once per turn.
2 Level 5 monsters This card's effects can only be applied/resolved while it has Xyz Material. This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card attacked or was attacked: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. During each of your End Phases: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card.
If this card is Tribute Summoned: You can destroy any number of face-up monsters your opponent controls whose combined ATK is less than or equal to the original ATK of the monster Tributed to Tribute Summon this card.
A hermit frog that has been in existence for thousands of years, it attacks with tadpoles.
2 Level 2 Aqua-Type monsters Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Frog" monster from your Deck. Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect: You can send 1 Aqua-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Set it to your field. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 WATER monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
An agile monster that rolls up to ram its opponents.
If a Token is Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when the Token was Special Summoned) or hand (even if not). You can only use this effect of "Token Collector" once per turn. If this card is Special Summoned: Destroy as many Tokens on the field as possible, and if you do, this card gains 400 ATK for each Token destroyed. Neither player can Special Summon Tokens.
Small but vicious, this monster even attacks its own kind.
If this card was Tribute Summoned, when it is sent from the field to the Graveyard, draw 2 cards and remove this card from play.
This monster captures other fish with its long tongue and sucks the energy out of them.
An alligator monster straight from the cartoons.
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can target 1 card on the field; toss a coin 3 times and destroy it if at least 2 of the results are Heads.
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. This card gains 500 ATK for each Dragon-Type monster your opponent controls or is in their Graveyard. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly.
This card cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon Monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. You can Tribute 1 monster; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly.
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Toon" card or "Manga Ryu-Ran", then activate 1 of these effects; ● Special Summon 1 Toon monster from your Deck, except "Toon Dark Magician", ignoring its Summoning conditions. ● Add 1 "Toon" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 monster, while you control "Toon World". If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. Can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon monster, in which case this card must target a Toon monster for its attacks. This card gains 300 ATK for every "Dark Magician" or "Magician of Black Chaos" in either player's Graveyard.
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
This card cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon Monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and its battle position cannot be changed until the End Phase of your next turn.
Cannot attack the turn it is Summoned. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. While you control "Toon World" and your opponent controls no Toon monsters, this card can attack your opponent directly. If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Cannot be Special Summoned unless you control a face-up "Toon World". Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing the same number of monsters needed for a Tribute Summon (normally 0). This card cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 Life Points to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. This card can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon Monster. If they do control one, this card must target a Toon Monster for its attacks.
(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.) Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Cannot be Special Summoned unless you control "Toon World". Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing the same number of monsters needed for a Tribute Summon (normally 1). This card cannot attack the turn it is Special Summoned. You must pay 500 Life Points to declare an attack with this monster. If "Toon World" on the field is destroyed, destroy this card. This card can attack your opponent directly, unless they control a Toon Monster. If they do control one, this card must target a Toon Monster for its attacks.
All face-up Synchro Monsters you control gain 600 ATK.
2+ Effect Monsters  If another monster is Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to, while this monster is on the field: Destroy all monsters in the Main Monster Zones, also your other monsters cannot attack for the rest of this turn. After damage calculation, if this card attacked an opponent's monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.
2+ Effect Monsters  If another monster is Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to, while this monster is on the field: Discard 1 or 2 random cards, then your opponent discards the same number. During your Main Phase, if this card is Extra Linked and your opponent has at least 1 card in their hand: You can make your opponent discard 1 or 2 cards (whichever is higher), then, if they have no more cards in their hand, inflict 3000 damage to them. You can only use 1 "Topologic Gumblar Dragon" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
2+ Effect Monsters  If a monster(s) is Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to: Banish as many of those monster(s) as possible, also as many Spells/Traps on the field as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each of their cards banished by this effect.
2+ Effect Monsters  You cannot Summon/Set monsters to any Extra Monster Zone this card points to. Gains 200 ATK for each banished card. If another monster is Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to, while this monster is on the field: Banish all cards on the field. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase of your next turn after this card was banished by its own effect: Special Summon this banished card.
This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a Warrior-Type Synchro Monster. If the Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material Monster attacks, your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step.
Although a poor defender, this monster's sharp horn gives it an edge when attacking.
FLIP: Return 2 Spell or Trap Cards on the field to their owners' hands.
2 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.
While "Umi" is face-up on the field, this card is unaffected by any Spell Cards.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card is treated as a Tuner, it gains 500 ATK and DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
This card is changed to Defense Position when it is Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned successfully. This card can attack while it is in Defense Position. If this card attacks while in Defense Position, apply the ATK of this card for damage calculation.
2 Level 3 WIND monsters During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. This card loses 300 ATK while it has no Xyz Materials.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a Dragon-Type monster. If this card is in your Graveyard during your Standby Phase and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card in Attack Position. You cannot activate this effect if there are any monsters in your Graveyard that are not Dragon-Type. If this card is Special Summoned with this effect, remove it from play when it is removed from the field.
If 5 monsters are Special Summoned at the same time, including this card: Destroy as many cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed.
When this card is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard, except "Tour Bus From the Underworld"; shuffle that target into the Deck.
FLIP: Add 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, except a DARK or LIGHT monster.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 Fiend monster from your hand or Deck, but it has its effects negated, also it cannot be used as Synchro Material.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Toy Knight" from your hand.
You can Set this card face-down in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Spell Card. If this face-down card in your Spell & Trap Card Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon it during the End Phase. When this card is Flip Summoned, destroy Spell or Trap Cards on the field equal to the number of "Toy Magicians" on the field.
2 Effect Monsters  You can target 1 monster you control this card points to; this turn, each time it destroys an opponent's monster by battle, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Trackblack" once per turn.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 Aqua-Type monster to select 1 "Frog" monster in your Graveyard, except "Frog the Jam". Special Summon that monster from your Graveyard.
3 monsters
When you take battle damage: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Gains 600 ATK/DEF for each card in your hand. Once per turn: You can send 1 monster from your hand to the GY, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with the same Level the sent monster had in the hand; take control of that face-up monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in your GY; this card's Level becomes the same as that target's, until the end of this turn.
A tiger-striped dragon that is often seen racing across the wasteland at tremendous speeds.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 Fiend-Type monster, and if you do, this card gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn. When this card you control is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished DARK monsters; add that target to your hand.
A peculiar magician with considerable abilities. Supposedly, he's just returned from a trip to outer space.
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster you control; move that target to another of your Main Monster Zones.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Husk Token" (Insect/EARTH/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0), also while that Token is in a Monster Zone, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Insect monsters. You can only use this effect of "Transcicada" once per turn.
2+ Effect Monsters  While this card is co-linked, it and its co-linked monsters gain 500 ATK, also your opponent cannot target any of them with card effects. You can target 1 Link-3 or lower Cyberse Link Monster in your GY, except "Transcode Talker"; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except Cyberse monsters. You can only use this effect of "Transcode Talker" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Defense Position monster your opponent controls; discard 1 card and equip that target to this card. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card with this effect.) This card gains the ATK of the equipped monster. If this card attacks, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase. During the End Phase: The monster equipped to this card by this card's effect is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Defense Position.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by sending 1 face-up Trap Card your opponent controls to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways.
FLIP: Select 1 Trap Card on the field and destroy it. If the selected card is Set, pick up and see the card. If it is a Trap Card, it is destroyed. If it is a Spell Card, return it to its original position.
Once per turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card, you can destroy the Trap Card and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
This card is unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Trap Cards. You can activate "Hole" Normal Trap Cards from your hand. The activation and effects of Normal Trap Cards activated on your side of the field cannot be negated.
This card is unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Trap Cards. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Traptrix" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position. When this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card in your Graveyard; Set that target, but banish it during the End Phase of your next turn if it is still on the field. You can only use this effect of "Traptrix Dionaea" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Traptrix" monster from your Deck to your hand. Unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Traps. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap you control; return that target to the hand, then you can Set 1 Spell/Trap from your hand.
This card is unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Trap Cards. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. If this card is Special Summoned: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
This card is unaffected by the effects of "Hole" Normal Trap Cards. If you activate a "Hole" Normal Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can add to your hand, or Special Summon, 1 "Traptrix" monster from your Deck, except "Traptrix Nepenthes". You can only use this effect of "Traptrix Nepenthes" once per turn.
2 Level 4 monsters This card is unaffected by Trap effects while it has Xyz Material. "Traptrix" monsters you control, except "Traptrix Rafflesia", cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. Your opponent cannot target "Traptrix" monsters you control, except "Traptrix Rafflesia", with card effects. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and send 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card that meets its activation conditions from your Deck to the Graveyard; this effect becomes that Trap Card's effect when that card is activated.
1 "Traptrix" monster, except a Link Monster  This Link Summoned card is unaffected by Trap effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "Traptrix Sera" once per turn.  ● If a Normal Trap Card is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Traptrix" monster from your Deck, with a name different from the cards you control.  ● If your other "Traptrix" monster's effect is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can Set 1 "Hole" Normal Trap directly from your Deck.
You can banish up to 3 Spells/Traps from your GY, face-down; Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your Deck whose Level equals the number of cards banished to activate this effect.
Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You must control a Beast-Type monster (other than this card) to activate and to resolve this effect.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard and you do not control "Treeborn Frog": You can Special Summon this card. You must control no Spell/Trap Cards to activate and to resolve this effect.
A guardian of the woods, this massive tree is believed to be immortal.
3 Level 3 monsters Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses 800 ATK, also its effects are negated. These changes last until the end of this turn.
2+ monsters, except Tokens  This card gains these effects based on the number of monsters co-linked to this card.  ● 1+: If a monster co-linked to this card battles your opponent's monster, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled.  ● 2+: Once per turn: You can target 1 card on the field; banish it.  ● 3: Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.
An unworthy dragon with three sharp horns sprouting from its head.
This fiend passes judgment on enemies that are locked in coffins.
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Triamid" card in your Graveyard; shuffle it into the Deck, and if you do, all Rock-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card in your Field Zone; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, activate 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card from your Deck with a different name (this is a Quick Effect).
If a Field Spell Card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon 1 Rock-Type monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card in your Field Zone; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, activate 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card from your Deck with a different name (this is a Quick Effect).
Once per turn: You can send 1 face-up "Triamid" card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 Set Card on the field; destroy it. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card in your Field Zone; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, activate 1 "Triamid" Field Spell Card from your Deck with a different name (this is a Quick Effect).
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of a "Triamid" card, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If a face-up "Triamid" card(s) you control, except "Triamid Sphinx", is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. While you control another "Triamid" card, this card gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Field Spell Card with a different name in your Graveyard, also monsters your opponent controls cannot attack, except to attack "Triamid Sphinx".
Discard 1 card from your hand and declare 1 Type of monster. Destroy all face-up monsters of the declared Type on the field.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your hand; destroy all face-up monsters on the field with the same Type as that monster.
1 "Trickstar" Link Monster + 1 "Trickstar" monster  Any effect damage your "Trickstar" Link Monster linked to this card inflicts to your opponent is doubled. Each time your opponent takes damage by a "Trickstar" monster's effect: This card gains ATK equal to the damage they took. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card attacked this turn: The ATK gained with its own effect returns to 0, then you can add 1 "Trickstar" monster from your GY to your hand.
2+ "Trickstar" monsters  While this Link Summoned card points to no monsters, it is unaffected by other cards' activated effects. If this card points to no monsters: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each "Trickstar" monster in your GY with a different name. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Bella Madonna" once per turn.
2 "Trickstar" monsters  Each time a monster(s) this card points to is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY, inflict 200 damage to your opponent. Each time your opponent takes damage by a "Trickstar" monster's effect: Face-up monsters they control lose 200 ATK for each monster this card points to, until the end of this turn.
1 Level 2 or lower "Trickstar" monster  If this card is Link Summoned: You can make your opponent draw 1 card. If a face-up "Trickstar" monster this card points to is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Bloom" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can add 1 "Trickstar" card from your Deck to your hand. Each time your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, inflict 200 damage to them immediately after it resolves.
If you control no monsters, or all monsters you control are "Trickstar" monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During the Damage Step, when your "Trickstar" monster battles an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand to the GY; that monster you control gains ATK equal to its original ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use 1 "Trickstar Corobane" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
2 "Trickstar" monsters  Each time a "Trickstar" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, gain 200 LP. You can discard 1 "Trickstar" card; both players draw 1 card, but if your LP was at least 2000 higher than your opponent's when this effect was activated, you draw 2 cards instead. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Crimson Heart" once per turn.
2+ "Trickstar" monsters  When this card declares an attack while pointing to a "Trickstar" monster: You can target your banished "Trickstar" cards, up to the number of Link Monsters your opponent controls; add them to your hand, and if you do, this card gains 1000 ATK for each card added, until the end of this turn.
2 Level 3 or lower "Trickstar" monsters  You can only control 1 "Trickstar Divaridis". If this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent. Each time your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): Inflict 200 damage to them.
2+ Fairy monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card they control. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Link-2 or lower "Trickstar" monster from your Extra Deck, then inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card they control. You can only use each effect of "Trickstar Foxglove Witch" once per turn.
2 "Trickstar" monsters  Each time a "Trickstar" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone(s) this card points to, inflict 200 damage to your opponent. "Trickstar" monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If your opponent takes damage by a "Trickstar" monster's effect: This card gains ATK equal to the damage they took, until the end of this turn.
If this card is added to your hand, except by drawing it: You can Special Summon it from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Lilybell" once per turn. This card can attack directly. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.
(Quick Effect): You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 "Trickstar" monster you control, except "Trickstar Lycoris"; Special Summon this card, and if you do, return that monster to the hand. Each time a card(s) is added to your opponent's hand, inflict 200 damage to them for each.
If this card is sent from the hand to the GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, but banish it when it leaves the field. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Trickstar" monster: You can target 1 monster an opponent's Link Monster points to; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Trickstar Mandrake" once per turn.
If your opponent takes effect damage (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Narkissus" once per turn. Each time your opponent activates a monster effect in their hand or GY, inflict 200 damage to them immediately after it resolves.
If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Trickstar" monster: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Nightshade" once per turn.
You can discard 1 "Trickstar" card, then target 1 "Trickstar" Link Monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Rhodode" once per turn. Each time a card(s) is banished from your opponent's GY, immediately inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card banished.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Bicular" from your hand or Deck.
1 Dragon-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Dragon-Type monsters Must be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target up to 2 other cards you control; destroy those targets, and if you do, for each card destroyed, this card gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 monster from your hand.
During either player's turn, if your opponent Summoned 3 or more monsters this turn: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If Summoned this way, it is unaffected by other cards' effects, but loses 500 DEF during each player's Standby Phase.
If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material for the Link Summon of a DARK monster: You can Special Summon this card from your GY in Attack Position, to your zone that Link Monster points to, but it cannot be used as Link Material. If this card is destroyed or banished by an effect activated by a Link Monster: Draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Triggering Wurm" once per turn.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can equip this card to a Machine-Type monster you control as an Equip Card, OR unequip it to Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this effect, if the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle, select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower LIGHT Machine-Type monster from your Graveyard. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
2+ monsters, except Tokens  Once per turn, during the Damage Step, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated (Quick Effect): You can negate the activation. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was Special Summoned: You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Link-2 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster from your hand.
During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was sent there this turn as a Tribute for a successful Tribute Summon: You can Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
When this card is Special Summoned from the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster on the field; increase its Level by 1.
This creature attacks with electromagnetic waves.
1 Tuner + 2+ non-Tuner monsters  When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can banish up to 1 card each from your opponent's hand, field, and GY. (The card in the hand is chosen at random.)
3 monsters with different names  Must first be either Fusion Summoned using only monsters in your hand and/or field, or Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). If this card was Special Summoned using only monsters that were originally Dragons: You can reveal and banish 3 cards (1 from your Deck, 1 from the top of your opponent's Deck, and 1 from their Extra Deck). You can only use this effect of "Trishula, the Dragon of Icy Imprisonment" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 Zombie-Type monster with 0 DEF in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. If you control a Zombie-Type monster (other than this card), this card gains 300 ATK.
If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard as a result of battle, select and Special Summon 1 "Troop Dragon" from your Deck to your side of the field. Then shuffle your Deck.
If you Tribute Summon this card, the Tribute must be Winged Beast-Type. This card is unaffected by the effects of Trap Cards.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Equip the destroyed monster to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect.
If the only monsters on the field are this card and 4 "Forbidden One" Normal Monsters with different names, the opponent of this card's controller wins the Duel.
If this card is in your hand: You can destroy 2 other monsters in your hand and/or face-up on your field, including a FIRE monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, you can banish 1 monster from your opponent's field or Graveyard, if both the destroyed monsters were FIRE. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can add 1 non-FIRE Wyrm-Type monster from your Graveyard to your hand. You can only use each effect of "True King Agnimazud, the Vanisher" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can destroy 2 other monsters in your hand and/or face-up on your field, including a WATER monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, you can banish up to 2 Spell/Trap Cards from your opponent's field and/or Graveyard, if both the destroyed monsters were WATER. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 non-WATER Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "True King Bahrastos, the Fathomer" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can destroy 2 other monsters in your hand and/or face-up on your field, including an EARTH monster, and if you do, Special Summon this card, and if you do that, and both destroyed monsters were EARTH, you can also look at your opponent's Extra Deck and banish up to 3 monsters from it with different names. If this card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 non-EARTH Wyrm-Type monster from your Graveyard. You can only use each effect of "True King Lithosagym, the Disaster" once per turn.
2 or more Level 9 monsters  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card and declare 1 Attribute; this turn, all face-up monsters on the field become that Attribute, also all monsters in your opponent's possession with that Attribute cannot activate their effects or attack. Monsters that "True Draco" and "True King" monsters in your hand would destroy with their effects can be chosen from your opponent's field.
This card cannot be used as a Synchro Material Monster, except for the Synchro Summon of a Level 7 or higher Synchro Monster. Once per turn, that Synchro Monster cannot be destroyed by battle. Each time this effect is applied, that Synchro Monster loses 400 ATK and DEF at the end of the Damage Step.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters / You can only control 1 "Tsuchigumo, the Poisonous Mayakashi". You can only use each of these effects of "Tsuchigumo, the Poisonous Mayakashi" once per turn.  ● If a Synchro Monster in your possession whose original Level is 7 is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in the GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card.  ● If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can have each player send the top 3 cards from their Deck to the GY.
You can only control 1 "Tsukahagi, the Poisonous Mayakashi". If a "Mayakashi" monster(s) in your possession, except "Tsukahagi, the Poisonous Mayakashi", is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, while this card is in the GY: You can Special Summon this card. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except "Mayakashi" monsters.
Cannot be Special Summoned. If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return it to the hand.
If you controlled 2 or more monsters at the start of your opponent's Battle Phase and all of them were destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon this card from your hand during that Battle Phase. If you do, choose an Attribute and destroy all face-up monsters with that Attribute. Your opponent cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters with that Attribute.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can treat this card as a Tuner this turn, also for the rest of this turn, you can only Special Summon from the Extra Deck once. Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
The Warrior's antenna can attune it to any energy wave. It can monitor transmissions from miles away but always suffers from bad reception.
This card is treated as a Normal Monster while face-up on the field or in the Graveyard. While this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon it to have it be treated as an Effect Monster with this effect: ● This card is treated as a Tuner monster.
You can target 1 face-up monster you control; that face-up monster is treated as a Tuner this turn. You can only use this effect of "Tuning Gum" once per turn. You can only attack with Synchro Monsters during the turn you activate this effect. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that targets exactly 1 Synchro Monster you control (and no other cards): You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate the activation.
If you have 2 "Magician" cards in your Pendulum Zones, while this card is in your hand or Graveyard: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Tuning Magician" once per turn. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Your opponent gains 400 LP, then you take 400 damage.
This card can be treated as a Level 2 monster when used for a Synchro Summon. If this card is sent to the Graveyard for a Synchro Summon: Draw 1 card.
If you have Normal Summoned a monster this turn, you can Special Summon this card from your hand. You can Tribute this card to destroy 1 monster your opponent controls that battled one of your monsters this turn.
"Turbo Rocket" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, you can destroy 1 face-up monster on the field, and inflict damage to its controller equal to half of its ATK.
While attacking, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card attacks, after damage calculation, inflict damage equal to half the ATK of the attack target to your opponent.
When this card declares an attack: You can change the attack target to Defense Position. When you take battle damage while this card is attacking: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with ATK less than or equal to the battle damage you took.
"Turbo Synchron" + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card attacks a Level 6 or higher Synchro Monster: Halve the ATK of the attack target until the end of the Damage Step. This card cannot be targeted by the effects of Level 6 or lower monsters.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by Tributing 1 Warrior-Type monster, and if you do, it gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster's original ATK.
An unusual turtle that not only swims at tremendous speed, but can also sail across the skies.
A cunning raccoon protected by a solid turtle shell, it attacks with deception.
A tiger encased in a protective shell that attacks with razor-sharp fangs.
A strange, one-eyed monster that can fell an enemy with a single stab of its spear.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 "Ninja" monster. If this card is in Attack Position: You can target 2 "Ninja" monsters in your Graveyard, except "Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun"; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, Special Summon those monsters. You can only use this effect of "Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If your "Ninja" monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can reveal 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card in your hand; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Ninja" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn, when your "Ninja" monster declares an attack: You can make that monster gain 1000 ATK until the end of the Damage Step (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Ninja" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can discard 1 "Ninja" monster, then activate 1 of these effects; ● This turn, "Ninja" monsters and "Ninjitsu Art" cards you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. ● 1 "Ninja" monster you control gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Ninja" monsters for attacks, except this one. Your opponent cannot target face-up "Ninja" monsters with card effects, except this one. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 "Ninja" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Twilight Ninja Shingetsu". You can only use this effect of "Twilight Ninja Shingetsu" once per turn.
Your opponent cannot target Plant-Type monsters for attacks. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Plant-Type monster from your hand.
An amphibious creature with two whip-like tails.
With whip-like arms, this creature can attack enemies from a distance.
2 "Photon" monsters You can Tribute this card; Special Summon, from your Graveyard, both of the Fusion Material Monsters used for the Fusion Summon of this card.
2 Level 4 or lower Dragon monsters, except Tokens  When this card is Link Summoned: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 Level 5 or higher monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to, but it cannot attack this turn, also it has its effects negated.
When this card is Summoned: Target 1 card your opponent controls; toss a coin twice, and if the result is 2 Heads, destroy it.
During the End Phase, if this card is in the Graveyard because it was destroyed on the field and sent there this turn: You can Special Summon this card, but its ATK and DEF become 1000. You can only use this effect of "Twin-Headed Behemoth" once per Duel.
Two dragons fused as one from the effects of the Big Bang.
"Thunder Dragon" + "Thunder Dragon"
When there is another face-up Fiend-Type monster on your side of the field, negate the effect of Flip Effect Monsters destroyed by this card as a result of battle.
When this card you control is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard, you can halve the current ATK of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, until the End Phase.
Once per Battle Phase, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster, it can make a second attack in a row. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
This card can attack twice during the same Battle Phase.
When this Defense Position card is attacked and the ATK of the attacking monster is lower than the DEF of this card, destroy the attacking monster at the end of the Damage Step.
Once per turn: You can make both players show 1 card from their hands, and if both the shown cards are the same type of card, apply 1 of these effects, depending on the type.  ●Monster: Each player can Special Summon their monster.  ●Spell: Each player draws 2 cards.  ●Trap: Each player sends exactly 2 cards from their Deck to their GY.
A powerful monster whose two heads attack as one.
A dinosaur with two deadly jaws, it stores electricity in its horn and releases high voltage bolts from the mouth on its back.
Capable of firing cannonballs from its mouth for long-range attacks, this creature is particularly effective in mountain battles.
A crimson dragon that spits fireballs to create a blazing sea of fire.
This monster cannot be Special Summoned. When this card destroys a monster as a result of battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster.
Your opponent cannot target "Nordic" monsters for attacks, except "Tyr of the Nordic Champions". If there is no other face-up "Nordic" monster on the field, destroy this card.
The original ATK of this card is the number of your banished Dinosaur-Type monsters x 1000.
Must be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias", using "Tyrant Wing", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. You can target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this monster to that target. It gains 400 ATK and DEF, also it can make 3 attacks during each Battle Phase.
During your Battle Phase, if your opponent controls a monster after this card's first attack, this card can make a second attack. Negate any Trap effects that target this card, and if you do, destroy that Trap Card. This card cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard, unless you Tribute 1 Dragon-Type monster.
2 Tuners + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Must be Synchro Summoned, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only use each of these effects of "Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend" once per turn. ● During your Main Phase 1: You can destroy all other cards on the field, also, for the rest of this turn, other monsters you control cannot attack. ● During either player's Battle Phase, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, and if you do that, this card gains 500 ATK.
During either player's turn, when a card or effect that targets a card(s) on the field is activated: You can Tribute 1 face-up Plant-Type monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Blockbacker". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Blockbacker" once per turn this way. Once per turn, when your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): You can change their battle positions, and if you do, negate their effects.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Dreadnought Dunker". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Dreadnought Dunker" once per turn this way. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Goalkeeper". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Goalkeeper" once per turn this way. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can target 1 "U.A." monster you control; once during this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects (this is a Quick Effect).
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Midfielder". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Midfielder" once per turn this way. During either player's turn: You can target 1 other "U.A." monster you control; return that face-up monster to the hand, then Special Summon 1 "U.A." monster from your hand with a different name from that monster. You can only use this effect of "U.A. Midfielder" once per turn.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Mighty Slugger". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Mighty Slugger" once per turn this way. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Perfect Ace". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Perfect Ace" once per turn this way. Once per turn, during your opponent's turn, when a card or effect is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate that activation, and if you do, destroy it (this is a Quick Effect).
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Playmaker". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Playmaker" once per turn this way. When another "U.A." monster you control declares an attack: You can have this card lose exactly 800 ATK, and if it does, your attacking monster gains 800 ATK.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by returning 1 "U.A." monster you control to the hand, except "U.A. Rival Rebounder". You can only Special Summon "U.A. Rival Rebounder" once per turn this way. If this card is Special Summoned during your opponent's turn, or Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "U.A." monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "U.A. Rival Rebounder". You can only use this effect of "U.A. Rival Rebounder" once per turn.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Machine-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck in face-up Attack Position.
"UFOroid" + 1 Warrior-Type monster A Fusion Summon of this card can only be conducted with the above Fusion Material Monsters. The original ATK and DEF of this card become equal to the combined original ATK of the 2 Fusion Material Monsters you used for the Fusion Summon of this card.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card must be Tribute Summoned by offering 3 Winged Beast-Type monsters on your side of the field as Tributes. If this card attacks your opponent's Life Points directly and makes them 0, the controller of this card wins the Match.
"Ancient Gear Golem" + 2 "Ancient Gear" monsters This card cannot be Special Summoned except by Fusion Summon. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this card is destroyed, you can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear Golem" from your Graveyard, ignoring the Summoning conditions.
1 Psychic-Type Synchro Monster + 1 Psychic-Type monster  This monster can only be Special Summoned by Fusion Summon (from the Extra Deck). This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. During battle between this attacking card and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of this card, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you gain Life Points equal to the destroyed monster's ATK.
This card gains 1000 ATK for each face-up FIRE monster on the field, except this card. You can send 1 other face-up FIRE monster you control to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 2 Dinosaur-Type monsters from your Graveyard. Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase: You can destroy 1 monster in your hand or field, and if you do, change all face-up monsters your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position. This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a Defense Position monster: You can inflict 1000 damage to your opponent, and if you do, send that Defense Position monster to the Graveyard.
While this card is on the field, it is unaffected by the effects of Spell Cards. During your Standby Phase, by sending this face-up card to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV3" from your hand or Deck. (You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is Normal Summoned, Special Summoned, or flipped face-up.)
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV1", while it remains on the field all of your opponent's monsters lose 300 ATK. During your Standby Phase, by sending this face-up card to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV5" from your hand or Deck. (You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is Normal Summoned, Special Summoned, or flipped face-up.)
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV3", while it remains on the field all of your opponent's monsters lose 500 ATK. During your Standby Phase, by sending this face-up card to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Insect LV7" from your hand or Deck. (You cannot activate this effect the turn this card is Normal Summoned, Special Summoned, or flipped face-up.)
If this card was Special Summoned by the effect of "Ultimate Insect LV5", while it remains on the field all your opponent's monsters lose 700 ATK and DEF.
This card can only attack if this card is the only card on your side of the field and if you also have no cards in your hand. Negate the effects of Effect Monsters destroyed by this card.
This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. During your Battle Phase, if you control an "Ultimate Tyranno" that can attack, monsters other than "Ultimate Tyranno" cannot attack.
(This card's original Level is always treated as 12.) Cannot be Synchro Summoned. Must be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by sending 2 Level 5 or higher monsters you control with the same Level to the Graveyard (1 Tuner and 1 non-Tuner), and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn, when a Spell/Trap Card(s) is Set on your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Power Tool" Synchro Monster or 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck.  Cannot be targeted for attacks or by card effects, while you control another Synchro Monster.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon this card and 1 Level 4 or lower Fiend-Type monster from your hand. You cannot Normal Summon/Set during the turn you activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Umbral Horror Ghost" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can make this card's ATK 0, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Umbral Horror" monster with 0 ATK from your hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard while attacking a monster: You can Special Summon 2 "Umbral Horror" monsters from your Deck. You can only use the effect of "Umbral Horror Unform" once per turn.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Umbral Horror" monster you control or in your Graveyard, except this card; this card's Level becomes the current Level of that monster. When this Attack Position card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, and was in face-up Attack Position at the start of the Damage Step: Destroy the monster that destroyed this card.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, destroy all face-down and non-DARK monsters.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 DARK monsters in your GY. If this card is Special Summoned: Add 1 monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Umbramirage the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this face-up card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but negate its effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters.
If a Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
2+ monsters including a Link Monster  If a card(s) on the field is destroyed by card effect, except by "Unchained Abomination" (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. When another monster is destroyed by battle: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. During the End Phase: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Unchained Abomination" once per turn.
2+ monsters including an "Unchained Soul" monster  You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 DARK Link Monster, except "Unchained Soul of Anguish", by using only that opponent's monster and this card you control as material. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 Fiend monster in your GY, except "Unchained Soul of Anguish"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Unchained Soul of Anguish" once per turn.
Gains 300 ATK for each "Unchained" card in your GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "Unchained Soul of Disaster" once per turn.  ● You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 DARK Link Monster using only this card you control and that opponent's monster as material.  ● If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Unchained" monster in your GY, except "Unchained Soul of Disaster"; Special Summon it.
2 monsters including an "Unchained Soul" monster  During your opponent's Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 DARK Link Monster, except "Unchained Soul of Rage", by using only that opponent's monster and this card you control as material. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 Fiend monster in your GY, except "Unchained Soul of Rage"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Unchained Soul of Rage" once per turn.
You can target 1 card you control; you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend monsters, also destroy the targeted card, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card on the field is destroyed by card effect, except "Unchained Twins - Aruha", or by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Unchained Twins - Aruha". You can only use each effect of "Unchained Twins - Aruha" once per turn.
(Quick Effect): You can target 1 card you control; destroy it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fiend monsters. If this card on the field is destroyed by card effect, except "Unchained Twins - Rakea", or by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your hand or Deck, except "Unchained Twins - Rakea". You can only use each effect of "Unchained Twins - Rakea" once per turn.
2 Effect Monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster this card points to, and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; the opponent's target loses ATK equal to the ATK of the target this monster points to, until the end of this turn.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Insect-Type monster If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and equip it to this card. If this card would be destroyed by battle, you can destroy the monster equipped to this card by its effect instead. (You can only equip 1 monster at a time to this card.)
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard, except this card; Special Summon that target.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the total ATK of all face-up Xyz Monsters your opponent currently controls (this is a Quick Effect).
When this face-up Defense Position card is selected as an attack target, you can remove from play 1 monster you control other than this card to remove this card from play. The attacking monster must attack. During your next Standby Phase, if this card was removed from play by this effect, this card returns to the field.
You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; discard 1 card, and if you do, increase that target's Level by 1. You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn, except Zombie-Type monsters, also send 1 Zombie-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, increase that target's Level by 1. You can only use each effect of "Uni-Zombie" once per turn.
You can remove from play this card, and 1 face-up monster you control, to select 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard with a Level less than or equal to the combined original Levels of the other 2 monsters. Special Summon that Synchro Monster.
The third of the brothers, following Tricular and Bicular.
If all the monsters in your Graveyard are Beast-Type: You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 1 Beast-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard, except "Uniflora, Mystical Beast of the Forest", but it cannot attack this turn.
This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card successfully attacks directly, if you control a "Frog" monster other than "Frog the Jam" or "Unifrog", you can destroy 1 Spell or Trap your opponent controls.
You can take control of up to 1 Union Monster that is currently a monster on your opponent's side of the field, and equip it to this card. The Union Monster that is equipped to this card cannot be changed back to a monster using its own effect.
The people that gather to swear to fight their oppressors. A revolution is coming.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can only Special Summon "Unknown Synchron" once per Duel this way.
The speed of this warrior creates an intense vacuum that can slice through a monster's hide.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Wyrm-Type monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck.
When Tribute Summoning a WATER monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.
2 Level 2 or higher Cyberse monsters  Once per battle, if your Cyberse monster battles, during damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can activate this effect; negate all card effects on the field (other than this card's) until the end of the Damage Step, damage calculation for this battle uses each monster's original ATK/DEF, also, if the opponent's monster is destroyed by that battle and sent to the GY, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If this card is sent to the GY as Link Material: You can activate this effect; the Link Monster that used this card as Link Material can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
Once per turn: You can send 1 Trap Card from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Ninja" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position or face-down Defense Position.
Fast on its feet, this dinosaur rips enemies to shreds with its sharp claws.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 3 face-up Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card gains 1000 ATK for each Continuous Trap Card in your Graveyard. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Neither player can activate Spell/Trap Cards in response to this effect's activation.
A bull fiend restored by the dark arts, this monster appears out of a jar.
You can only control 1 "Utgard, Generaider Boss of Lies". (Quick Effect): You can Tribute 2 "Generaider" monsters and/or Rock monsters, then target 1 card on the field; banish it. You can only use this effect of "Utgard, Generaider Boss of Lies" once per turn.
(This card is always treated as a "Zubaba", "Gagaga", "Gogogo", and "Dododo" card.)  During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon up to 1 each "Zubaba", "Gagaga", "Gogogo", and/or "Dododo" monster(s) from your hand in Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Xyz Monsters. You can only use this effect of "Utopic Onomatopeia" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 Synchro Monster you control or in your GY; banish it, and if you do, Special Summon this card. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 Synchro Monster you control or in your GY; banish it, and if you do, add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Uvaloop of Obsession" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 "Utopia" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can target 1 "Number C39: Utopia Ray V" you control; equip this monster you control to that target. Once per turn, while this card is equipped to a monster: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from the equipped monster; negate the equipped monster's effects (even after this card leaves the field or the monster becomes unaffected by card effects), and if you do, destroy all monsters your opponent controls, and if you do that, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed by this effect.
2+ monsters, except Tokens  Gains 300 ATK for each monster co-linked with this card. You can target 1 Link 3 or lower monster co-linked with this card; Tribute it, and if you do, Special Summon "V-LAN Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) equal to the number of Link Arrows the Tributed monster had, also you cannot Special Summon monsters with the same number of Link Arrows as the targeted monster for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "V-LAN Hydra" once per turn.
This ace fighter is unbeatable in a dogfight. It combines with other monsters to launch an array of encircling attacks.
You can discard 1 card, then target 1 Level 2 or lower Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard, except "Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest"; Special Summon it in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Valerifawn, Mystical Beast of the Forest" once per turn.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up Warrior-Type monsters for attacks, except "Valkyrian Knight". When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 Warrior-Type monster and this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Level 5 or higher Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Unaffected by your opponent's Spell effects. Gains 500 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can have this card lose exactly 1000 DEF, and if you do, your "Valkyrie" monsters cannot be destroyed by battle this turn.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 Fairy monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead. When the equipped monster declares an attack: You can have it gain 500 ATK. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.)
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Valkyrie" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Valkyrie Dritte". You can only use this effect of "Valkyrie Dritte" once per turn. Gains 200 ATK for each of your opponent's banished monsters.
You can only control 1 "Valkyrie Erda". While you control this card that was Special Summoned by the effect of a "Valkyrie" card, all monsters your opponent controls lose 1000 ATK. Any card destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your opponent's GY is banished instead.
If this card is Special Summoned from your hand by a Spell effect: You can target 1 "Mischief of the Time Goddess" in your GY; add it to your hand. If you control a "Valkyrie" monster other than "Valkyrie Erste" (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 monster from your opponent's GY, then this card's ATK becomes equal to the banished monster's original ATK until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Erste" once per turn.
"Valkyrie" monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each of your opponent's banished monsters. If you control a "Valkyrie" monster other than "Valkyrie Funfte": You can send 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Valkyrie Funfte" once per turn.
(This card is not treated as a "Valkyrie" card.)  When this card is Normal Summoned, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no other cards: You can banish 2 "Nordic" monsters from your hand; Special Summon 2 "Einherjar Tokens" (Warrior/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000) in Defense Position.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Valkyrie" monster from your Deck, except "Valkyrie Sechste". During your Main Phase: You can send the top 2 cards of your opponent's Deck to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Sechste" once per turn.
If this card is in your hand: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap you control; send it to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 8 or lower "Valkyrie" monster from your hand or GY. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Sigrun" once per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can excavate the top cards of your Deck equal to the number of other "Valkyrie" monsters you control, and if you do, add 1 excavated Normal Spell/Trap to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the GY. Otherwise, shuffle all excavated cards into the Deck. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Valkyrie" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Vierte" once per turn.
If this card is Summoned: You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it. After damage calculation, if this card battled: You can target 1 Continuous Spell in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Valkyrie Zweite" once per turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing 1 "Alpha The Magnet Warrior", "Beta The Magnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" from your hand and/or field. You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Alpha The Magnet Warrior", "Beta The Magnet Warrior", and "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" in your Graveyard; Special Summon them.
At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard this turn: You can Special Summon that monster to your side of the field.
When this Tribute Summoned card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can target 1 DARK "Vampire" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. When this card is Special Summoned: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Vampire Duke" once per turn. This card cannot be used as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a DARK monster.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can pay 500 LP; add 1 "Vampire" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Vampire Familiar". If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Vampire" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Vampire Familiar" once per turn.
When a monster declares an attack: You can Special Summon this card from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Vampire Fraulein" once per turn. Once per battle, if your Zombie monster battles an opponent's monster, during that damage calculation (Quick Effect): You can pay LP in multiples of 100 (max. 3000); your battling monster gains that much ATK/DEF during that damage calculation only. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed any monster(s) by battle: You can Special Summon them from the GYs to your field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 "Vampire Lord" you control, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Zombie-Type monster to the Graveyard, then target 1 Zombie-Type monster in your Graveyard with a Level less than the discarded Zombie-Type monster's; Special Summon that target.
When a Level 5 or higher Zombie-Type monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field by the effect of a Zombie-Type monster while this card is in your Graveyard: You can pay 2000 LP; Special Summon this card from your Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Vampire Grace" once per turn. Once per turn: You can declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the Graveyard.
If a monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can pay 1000 LP for each monster that would be destroyed, instead (you must protect all your monsters that would be destroyed, if you use this effect). At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed any monster(s) by battle: You can Special Summon them from the GYs to your field.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a DARK monster: Destroy that monster.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Declare 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap); your opponent sends 1 card of that type from their Deck to the Graveyard. Once per turn, during your next Standby Phase after this card in your possession was destroyed and sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster your opponent controls and 1 other "Vampire" monster you control; switch control of those monsters. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed any monster(s) by battle: You can Special Summon them from the GYs to your field.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can pay 500 LP; add 1 "Vampire" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Vampire" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Vampire Retainer" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 "Vampire" monster in your GY, except "Vampire Scarlet Scourge"; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack this turn. You can only use this effect of "Vampire Scarlet Scourge" once per turn. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card destroyed any monster(s) by battle: You can Special Summon them from the GYs to your field.
If this card in your possession is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect): You can add 1 DARK "Vampire" monster or 1 "Vampire" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; 1 DARK "Vampire" monster you Normal Summon this turn can be Summoned without Tributing.
2 Zombie monsters  If you would Tribute a monster(s) for a Tribute Summon, you can Tribute a Zombie monster(s) your opponent controls, even though you do not control them. You can only use each of the following effects of "Vampire Sucker" once per turn.  ● You can target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it to your opponent's field in Defense Position, but it becomes a Zombie monster.  ● If a Zombie monster(s) is Special Summoned from either GY: Draw 1 card.
Once per turn, when this card or a "Vampire" monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, whose ATK is higher than this card's; equip it to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined original ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect. If this card is sent to the Graveyard, while equipped with a card by this effect: Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points; Special Summon it during the Standby Phase of the next turn. When you do: It gains 500 ATK.
If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by battle with a monster: Gain LP equal to the battle damage inflicted.
When this monster is Normal Summoned successfully, you can Special Summon 1 "Des Dendle" from your hand.
If you negate the activation of an opponent's Spell/Trap Card(s), or opponent's monster effect(s), with a Counter Trap Card (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If Summoned this way, activate these effects and resolve in sequence, depending on the type of card(s) negated by that Counter Trap: ● Spell: Inflict 1500 damage to your opponent. ● Trap: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. ● Monster: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
For a Synchro Summon, you can substitute this card for any 1 "Nordic" Tuner monster. If this card is used as a Synchro Material, all other Synchro Materials must be "Nordic" monsters. Once per turn: You can send 1 "Nordic" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; this card's Level becomes the Level of that monster, until the end of this turn.
You can send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard; this card gains 300 ATK. When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card effect: You can target 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Neither player can Special Summon monsters.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. Your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Negate all card effects in your opponent's Pendulum Zones.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This Overlord overran an entire world with his army of Dracofiends, using his Dragon Alchemy to convert all life into his terrible minions. The source of this power is unidentified, and probably extra-dimensional.
2+ Cyberse monsters  When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY: You can Tribute 1 monster that this card points to; Special Summon that destroyed monster to any zone this card points to. If you Special Summon to your opponent's field by this effect, this card can make a second attack during this Battle Phase (although your opponent gains control of that Special Summoned monster).
You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your banished "Vendread" monsters, except "Vendread Anima"; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Zombie monsters. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Anima" once per turn.  ● Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Vendread" Ritual Spell. You can banish 1 "Vendread" card from your GY and declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); for the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects of that type. If this Ritual Summoned card is sent to the GY: You can add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, send 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use each effect of "Vendread Battlelord" once per turn.
You can Ritual Summon this card with any "Vendread" Ritual Spell. When a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card on the field (Quick Effect): You can banish 1 Zombie monster from your GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is Tributed, or banished, for a Ritual Summon: All monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK/DEF. You can only use each effect of "Vendread Chimera" once per turn.
If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Core" once per turn.  ● Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.
If this card is in your GY: You can discard 1 "Vendread" card; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Houndhorde" once per turn.  ● Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; banish it.
If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains this effect. You can only use the preceding effect of "Vendread Revenants" once per turn.  ● Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; banish it.
If this card is sent to the GY: You can reveal 1 "Vendread" card in your hand; Special Summon this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. A "Vendread" monster Ritual Summoned using this card on the field gains the following effect. You can only use each of the preceding effects of "Vendread Striges" once per turn.  ● After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.
When this face-up Attack Position card is targeted for an attack: Draw 1 card.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Rise of the Snake Deity" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways except by its own effect. This card gains 500 ATK for each Reptile-Type monster in your Graveyard. This card cannot be targeted by, and is unaffected by, Spell/Trap effects and other Effect Monsters' effects. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 other Reptile-Type monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Place 1 Hyper-Venom Counter on it. When 3 Hyper-Venom Counters are on this card, you win the Duel.
Cannot be Special Summoned by another Effect Monster's effect. This card is unaffected by "Venom Swamp". This card gains 500 ATK for each Reptile-Type monster in your Graveyard. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can banish 1 other Reptile-Type monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "Primal Cry". Once per turn: You can reveal 1 monster in your hand, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target's Level becomes equal to the Level the revealed monster had, until the end of this turn. Once per turn, if another monster is Tributed from your hand or field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
Once per turn, you can place 2 Venom Counters on 1 monster your opponent controls. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.
Hard scales cover all parts of this gigantic cobra. It hunts by shooting large amounts of venom, but because of its large size, its attack pattern is easily predicted.
Once per turn, you can place 1 Venom Counter on 1 monster your opponent controls.
Once per turn, you can place 1 Venom Counter on 1 monster your opponent controls. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.
This card can attack your opponent directly. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Dragon, Warrior, or Spellcaster-Type Normal Monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn: You can banish 1 Tuner from your hand, field, or Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this Synchro Summoned card is destroyed by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished Tuners; add it to your hand.
"Rhaimundos of the Red Sword" + "Fireyarou"
You can substitute this card for any 1 Fusion Material Monster. When you do this, the other Fusion Material Monster(s) must be the correct one(s).
When an attack is declared involving your face-up monster and an opponent's monster: You can Special Summon this card from the GY (if it was there when that attack was declared) or hand (even if not), but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Vic Viper T301" once per turn. All other LIGHT Machine monsters you control gain 1200 ATK.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material Monster, inflict 2000 damage to the player that Synchro Summoned, and the Synchro Monster that used this card as a Synchro Material Monster gains 2000 ATK until the End Phase.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand), but its original ATK and DEF become halved.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Dragon-Type monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon that target to your side of the field. Your opponent cannot target face-up Fairy-Type monsters for attacks, except this one.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. To Tribute Summon this card, you must Tribute 3 Dragon-Type monsters. If this card attacks your opponent directly and reduces their Life Points to 0, you win the Match.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Activate 1 of these effects. ● This card gains 400 ATK. ● Target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target. ● Special Summon 1 "Option Token". Its Type, Attribute, Level, ATK and DEF are always the same as this card, but it leaves the field if this card is no longer face-up on the field.
Cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can place this card face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, and if you do, place 1 Cubic Counter on that opponent's monster. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.) If this card is treated as a Continuous Spell Card by this effect, during your Main Phase: You can Special Summon this card from your Spell & Trap Zone.
The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases (this is not optional). When this card is targeted by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, when resolving the effect, roll a six-sided die. If the result is 3, negate the effect and destroy the opponent's card. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, your opponent cannot attack any Archfiend Monster Card on your side of the field except "Vilepawn Archfiend".
1 "Genex" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner WIND monsters Your opponent cannot select this card as an attack target. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can add 1 "Genex" monster from your Deck to your hand.
This monster can call forth sudden torrents of battering rain.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 Plant-Type monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters You can only control 1 "Virgil, Rock Star of the Burning Abyss". Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Burning Abyss" card, then target 1 card your opponent controls or in their Graveyard; shuffle it into the Deck. If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Virgil, Rock Star of the Burning Abyss" once per turn.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; during your third Standby Phase after this effect's activation, destroy that monster. This card cannot be destroyed by battle while the targeted monster is on the field.
This lady warrior with unquenchable bloodlust serves the forces of darkness.
2 "HERO" monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 other "HERO" monster you control; the opponent's targeted monster loses ATK and DEF equal to the ATK of your targeted monster, until the end of this turn.
You can discard 1 other "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can place 1 "Vision HERO" monster from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Trap, except "Vision HERO Faris", also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "HERO" monsters. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Faris" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished "HERO" monsters; add it to your hand. You can Tribute this card, then target 2 "Vision HERO" Monster Cards in your Spell & Trap Zones; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Gravito" once per turn.
If you take battle or effect damage: You can place this card from your GY face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Trap. During the Main Phase, while this card is treated as a Continuous Trap: You can Tribute 1 "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Vision HERO" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Increase" once per turn.
If you take battle or effect damage: You can place this card from your GY face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Trap. During the Main Phase, while this card is treated as a Continuous Trap: You can Tribute 1 "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone: You can destroy 1 Level 4 or lower monster your opponent controls. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Minimum Ray" once per turn.
If you take battle or effect damage: You can place this card from your GY face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Trap. During the Main Phase, while this card is treated as a Continuous Trap: You can Tribute 1 "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone: You can have 1 monster on the field gain 800 ATK. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Multiply Guy" once per turn.
If you take battle or effect damage: You can place this card from your GY face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Trap. During the Main Phase, while this card is treated as a Continuous Trap: You can Tribute 1 "HERO" monster; Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned from the Spell & Trap Zone: You can halve the ATK of 1 monster on the field. You can only use each effect of "Vision HERO Poisoner" once per turn.
3 "HERO" monsters During the turn this card was Fusion Summoned, its ATK is double its original ATK. This Fusion Summoned card can attack 3 times during each Battle Phase. This card cannot attack your opponent directly.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "HERO" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Vision HERO Vyon" once per turn. Once per turn: You can banish 1 "HERO" monster from your Graveyard; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand.
To Tribute Summon this card face-up, you can Tribute Trap(s) you control, as well as monsters. When this card is Normal Summoned: You can destroy all Spells and Traps your opponent controls. You cannot Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except "HERO" monsters.
During either player's turn (except during the Damage Step), when your opponent targets exactly 1 LIGHT Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control (and no other cards) for an attack, or with a card effect: Banish that monster you control until your next Standby Phase, and if you do, Special Summon this card from your hand.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Once per turn, during either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while you have no cards in your hand: You can negate the activation and destroy it.
2 Level 8 Gemini monsters When this card is Xyz Summoned: You can target 1 Gemini monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. While this card has Xyz Material, monsters your opponent controls cannot target Gemini monsters you control for attacks, also your opponent cannot target Gemini monsters you control with card effects. When a Gemini monster is Normal Summoned: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; make your opponent send 1 card from their hand or field to the Graveyard (their choice).
When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by battle, you can place 1 "Volcanic" monster in your Deck on top of your Deck.
When you take battle damage while this card is in your Graveyard: Banish it from your Graveyard, then if there is a FIRE monster other than "Volcanic Counter" in your Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the amount of battle damage you took.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by sending a face-up "Tri-Blaze Accelerator" you control to the Graveyard. During your opponent's Battle Phase, your opponent must attack this monster with any Attack Position monsters they control. When this card destroys a monster and sends it to the Graveyard, destroy all monsters your opponent controls and inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed by this effect.
Once per turn, you can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the number of "Volcanic" monsters in your Graveyard x 200. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card can only be Special Summoned from your hand to your opponent's side of the field by Tributing 1 monster your opponent controls. If you Special Summon this card, you cannot Normal Summon or Set this turn. Once per turn, you can send 1 other card you control to the Graveyard to inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. During your End Phase, either Tribute 1 other monster or take 1000 damage.
This mutated mouse dwells in the core of active volcanoes. No amount of heat is too much for it to bear.
When this card is Summoned: You can add 1 "Blaze Accelerator" card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Blaze Accelerator" card: You can send 2 "Volcanic Scattershots" from your hand and/or Deck to the Graveyard; destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
Once per turn: You can pay 500 Life Points; add 1 "Volcanic Shell" from your Deck to your hand. This card must be in the Graveyard to activate and to resolve this effect.
Once per turn, you can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If you activate this effect, this card cannot attack during this turn.
After 1 of your Counter Trap Cards has been activated and has resolved, you can Tribute all monsters you control to Special Summon this card. If this card is Special Summoned in this way, you can destroy cards your opponent controls up to the number of Fairy-Type monsters you Tributed.
If this card is Special Summoned to a zone a Link Monster points to: Destroy as many Link Monsters linked to this card as possible, then destroy all other monsters that were pointed to by the destroyed Link Monsters, then keep repeating this effect until no monsters can be destroyed. You can only use this effect of "Voltester" once per turn.
1 Beast-Type Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect), both players send the top 7 cards of their Deck to the Graveyard.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent: Send 1 card from the top of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard for each face-up LIGHT monster you control.
This wicked Beast-Warrior does every horrid thing imaginable, and loves it! His axe bears the marks of his countless victims.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Winged Beast-Type monsters When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can shuffle 2 cards from your hand into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. When this card is destroyed: Draw 1 card.
3 DARK Dragon monsters  If this card is Special Summoned: You can draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of “Vorticular Drumgon” once per turn. If this effect resolves, the unused Monster Zones this card points to cannot be used for the rest of this turn.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by sending 2 "Cubic" monsters you control to the Graveyard. If Summoned this way, this card gains 1600 ATK. If this card is Special Summoned from the hand: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent. At the end of the Damage Step, if this card battled: You can target up to 3 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" in your Graveyard; send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon them, then you can add 1 "Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor" from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters If this card is Synchro Summoned: Target 1 face-up card you control and 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return those targets to the hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name as those returned to the hand by this effect. You can only use this effect of "Vulcan the Divine" once per turn.
"V-Tiger Jet" + "W-Wing Catapult" This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by removing from play the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization"). You can discard 1 card from your hand to change the battle position of 1 monster your opponent controls. (Flip Effects are not activated at this time.)
"VW-Tiger Catapult" + "XYZ-Dragon Cannon" This card can only be Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by removing from play the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization"). Once per turn, remove from play 1 card your opponent controls. When this card attacks, you can change the battle position of the attack target. (Flip Effects are not activated at this time.)
1 "Vylon" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. While this card is equipped with an Equip Card, it cannot be destroyed by Spell/Trap effects, except for Equip Cards.
All face-up LIGHT monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each Equip Card equipped to this card.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard for the Synchro Summon of a LIGHT monster: You can add 1 Equip Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters  If this card is in face-up Defense Position during your End Phase, you can add 1 Equip Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
3 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up Attack Position Effect Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to this card. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a monster whose Attribute is the same as a card equipped by this effect: Destroy that monster.
1 LIGHT Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Equip Cards equipped to this card cannot be targeted by cards or effects. Once per turn: You can send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the Graveyard to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Vylon" Monster Card you control that is an Equip Card; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. Banish it when it leaves the field.
If this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard; banish that target, and if you do, add it to your hand during your next Standby Phase.
2 Tuners + 1 non-Tuner "Vylon" monster When this card is Synchro Summoned: Destroy all face-up monsters that were Normal Summoned/Set. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Vylon" monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to this card. During either player's turn, when a monster effect activates: You can send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up "Vylon" monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, if the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
If this card is sent from the Monster Card Zone to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points, then target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. If the equipped monster attacks or is attacked: It gains 1000 ATK during the Damage Step only.
1 LIGHT Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner LIGHT monsters When this card declares an attack, if it is the only monster you control: You can equip 1 Equip Spell Card from your Deck to this face-up card.
When this card declares an attack: You can target monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of Equip Cards equipped to this card; change those targets' battle positions.
If this card is sent from the Monster Card Zone to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points to target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard to target 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard; equip that target to the monster this card was equipped to.
If this card is sent from the Monster Card Zone to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points, then target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. At the end of the Damage Step, if the equipped monster battled an opponent's monster: Destroy that opponent's monster.
Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 face-up "Vylon" Equip Card you control and 1 appropriate face-up monster; equip the first target to the second target.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 face-up "Vylon" monster you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, if the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Vylon" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.)
If this card is sent from the Monster Card Zone to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 Life Points, then target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, you can destroy this Equip Card instead.
When this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can draw 1 card for each Equip Card that was equipped to this card.
Once per turn, you can equip this card to a "V-Tiger Jet" you control, OR unequip it to Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. When equipped to a monster by this card's effect, the equipped monster gains 400 ATK and DEF. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.)
If this card is attacked by a monster, after damage calculation: Return that monster to the hand.
FLIP: Special Summon 1 "Ivy Token" (Plant-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position to your opponent's side of the field. When this Token is destroyed, its controller takes 300 damage.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must first be Special Summoned with "Magical Labyrinth".
If you control a Fiend-Type Tuner with 1500 or less ATK, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). If you attempt this, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Synchro Monsters. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 Fiend-Type Tuner with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck to your hand.
You can flip this card into face-down Defense Position once per turn during your Main Phase. After you use this effect, rearrange the face-down Defense Position monsters on your side of the field, then return them in face-down Defense Position.
While you control another face-up "Ice Barrier" monster, both players must Set Spell Cards before activating them, and cannot activate them until their next turn.
If this card is destroyed, send the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
The warrior who can manipulate dragons. Nobody knows his mysterious past.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 EARTH Warrior-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position.
You can discard this card to the Graveyard; add 1 "A Legendary Ocean" from your Deck to your hand.
"Sonic Maid" + "Beautiful Headhuntress"
A wandering warrior who seeks the sanctuary where he can gain the power of the Archlords. To escape the temptation of evil fiends, he fights solo day by day.
If this card is added from your Deck to your hand by a card effect: You can Special Summon this card.
If you control no monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. During your End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: You can banish this card; Set 1 Continuous Spell directly from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Watch Cat" once per turn.
During your Main Phase 2, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: You can send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard; Set 1 Continuous Spell Card directly from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Watch Dog" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Bonding - H2O". The ATK of FIRE monsters and Pyro monsters on the field becomes 0. When this card is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 2 "Hydrogeddon" and 1 "Oxygeddon" in your GY; Special Summon them.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned with the effect of a "Bonding" Spell/Trap. If this card is Special Summoned: You can activate this effect; Effect Monsters your opponent currently controls cannot activate their effects for the rest of this turn, also change their ATK to 0 until the end of this turn. (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; Special Summon 2 "Water Dragon" from your hand and/or Deck in Defense Position, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
A sea-dwelling spirit that takes away sight by clouding the area in fog.
A lovely lady who can launch water projectiles that turn into lethal ice spikes before they reach an opponent.
You can Ritual Summon this card with "A.I.'s Ritual". If this card is Ritual Summoned: You can return all monsters your opponent controls with 2300 or less ATK to the hand. You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; return all Link Monsters from your GY to the Extra Deck, and if you do, the targeted monster's ATK becomes 0. You can only use this effect of "Water Leviathan @Ignister" once per turn. Once per battle, during damage calculation, if this card battles an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can halve that opponent's monster's ATK during that damage calculation only.
This monster swamps an opponent with an almost endless supply of water.
Transforms the water overflowing from a jar into attacking dragons.
This ancient water spirit haunts the glacial monoliths of Antarctica. It has the power to seep into the pores of any substance and chill it to the bone.
A water fairy that is said to be able to summon a giant sea serpent.
Capable of indefinite flight. Attacks by wrapping its body with electricity and ramming into opponents. IMPORTANT: Capturing the "Wattaildragon" is forbidden by the Ancient Rules and is a Level 6 offense, the minimum sentence for which is imprisonment for no less than 2500 heliocycles.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, your opponent discards 1 card of their choice.
1 "Watt" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Thunder-Type monsters This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, place 1 random card from your opponent's hand on top of their Deck.
This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Add 1 "Watt" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect), you can Special Summon 1 "Watt" monster from your Deck.
If this card is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect), your opponent cannot Special Summon a monster, or activate Spells, Traps, Spell/Trap effects, or Monster Card effects, for the rest of this turn.
This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, your opponent cannot activate Spells, Traps, Spell/Trap effects, or Monster Card effects until the End Phase of this turn.
Your opponent cannot select another face-up "Watt" monster as an attack target, or target them with card effects.
1 "Watt" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner Thunder-Type monsters This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, choose 1 card in your Deck and remove it from play. Add that card to your hand during your 2nd Standby Phase after activating this effect.
A creature that electrocutes opponents with bolts of lightning.
(Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; move that target to another of their Main Monster Zones.
"Watt" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle while they are attacking.
If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect): Your opponent cannot conduct their Battle Phase during their next turn.
This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, you can destroy that monster immediately with this card's effect without flipping it face-up or applying damage calculation.
This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent by a direct attack, select 1 face-up monster on the field and remove it from play until the End Phase of this turn.
This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. If this card battles, negate the effects of the monster it battled, after damage calculation (including in the Graveyard).
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; place it on either the top or bottom of their Deck. You can only use this effect of "Wattsychic Fighter" once per turn.
This card can attack twice during each Battle Phase. Any monster that battles with this card cannot change its battle position.
This creature controls weather and is often the cause of mountain storms.
FLIP: Destroys all of your opponent's face-up "Swords of Revealing Light" on the field. If "Swords of Revealing Light" is destroyed, you can perform your Battle Phase twice this turn (or your next turn, if activated during your opponent's turn).
2 DARK monsters  All DARK monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF, also all LIGHT monsters on the field lose 400 ATK/DEF. If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 DARK monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Wee Witch's Apprentice" once per turn.
You can remove from play 1 Tuner monster in your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.
A spirit that controls rain and is capable of summoning hurricanes to blow the enemy away.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a Spellcaster-Type monster: You can target any number of your banished "Spellbook" Spell Cards; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, return your other banished "Spellbook" Spell Cards to your Graveyard. You can only use the effect of "Wheel of Prophecy" once per turn.
Attacks from the skies with a whip-like tail.
When Tribute Summoning a WIND monster, you can treat this 1 monster as 2 Tributes.
FLIP: Your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards for the rest of this turn.
1 Tuner Synchro Monster + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  During your turn, when this card is Synchro Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Divine Dragon Token" (Fish/WATER/Level 10/ATK 3300/DEF 3000) in Defense Position. Once per opponent's turn, while you control no Tokens (Quick Effect): You can Special Summon 1 "Divine Dragon Token". If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your GY, while you control a "Divine Dragon Token": You can Special Summon this card in Defense position.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes half its original ATK until the end of this turn. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your GY: You can banish 1 other WATER monster from your GY; Special Summon this card, and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner.
1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can target 1 Fish monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it cannot attack this turn. You can only use this effect of "White Aura Monoceros" once per turn. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your GY: You can banish 1 other WATER monster from your GY; Special Summon this card, and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner.
1 WATER Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner WATER monsters  When this card is Synchro Summoned: You can destroy all your opponent's Attack Position monsters. This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your GY: You can banish 1 other WATER monster from your GY; Special Summon this card, and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner.
A white dolphin with a horn that summons huge tidal waves.
Cannot be Special Summoned, except with a "Ninjitsu Art" card's effect. Spell/Trap Cards you control cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by banishing 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. You can only Special Summon "White Dragon Wyverburster" once per turn this way. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Black Dragon Collapserpent" from your Deck to your hand.
The proudust of them all.
When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, your opponent discards 1 card randomly from his/her hand.
During your Standby Phase, increase your Life Points by 400 points for each monster on your side of the field.
During the turn you Normal Summoned this card, it can attack your opponent directly. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can treat it as a Tuner this turn.
During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card that targets this card is activated: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. When another face-up monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can send 1 Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; change the attack target to this card.
Cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card; destroy that target.
FLIP: Target 1 Defense Position monster on the field; destroy that target.
If you control a face-up Tuner monster, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. When a face-up Tuner monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Rose Dragon" monster from your hand or GY, except "White Rose Dragon". You can only use each of the following effects of "White Rose Dragon" once per turn.  ● If you control a Dragon or Plant Tuner: You can Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If this card is sent to the GY as Synchro Material: You can send 1 Level 4 or higher Plant monster from your Deck to the GY.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by discarding 1 WATER monster. You can only Special Summon "White Stingray" once per turn this way. If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can treat it as a Tuner this turn. You can only use this effect of "White Stingray" once per turn.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your hand. All monsters you control gain 100 ATK and DEF.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when an activated card or effect resolves that targets a DARK Spellcaster-Type monster you control, negate that effect, then destroy this card.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  (This card is always treated as a "Synchro Dragon" card.)  If this Pendulum Summoned card is used for a Synchro Summon, banish it.
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: Target up to 5 Spell Cards in your opponent's Graveyard; banish those target(s), and if you do, this card gains 300 ATK for each card banished by this effect.
If you have 5 or more cards in your hand, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon this card in Defense Position, and if you do, it is treated as a Tuner. You can only use this effect of "Wicked Acolyte Chilam Sabak" once per turn.
A two-headed dragon with a pair of jaws that can tear an enemy to shreds.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Cyberse monster from your hand in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Widget Kid" once per turn.
While it is in the Graveyard, this card's name is treated as "Skull Servant". You can discard this card to activate 1 of the following effects: ●Select 1 of your removed from play "Skull Servant" or "Wightmare", and return it to your Graveyard. ●Select 1 of your removed from play "The Lady in Wight" or "King of the Skull Servants", and Special Summon it.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can send 1"Skull Servant" and 1 "The Lady in Wight" from your hand and/or Deck to the Graveyard. You can banish 2 "Skull Servants" and this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "King of the Skull Servants" from your Deck. This card's name becomes "Skull Servant" while it is in the Graveyard.
This card’s name becomes "Skull Servant" while it is in the Graveyard. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can send 1 "Wightprince" from your Deck to the Graveyard. During either player's turn: You can send this card from your hand or field to the Graveyard; all monster currently on the field lose ATK and DEF equal to their own Level/Rank x 300, until the end of this turn.
A rabid rabbit that shears through opposition with its sharp skewers.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a WIND Normal Monster.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters  During your Main Phase: You can destroy Spells/Traps your opponent controls, up to the number of "@Ignister" monsters you control. If another card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, while this card is on your field or in your GY: You can banish this card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Wind Pegasus @Ignister" once per turn.
2 Level 5 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 2 Set cards on the field; destroy them.
You can target 1 "Wind-Up" monster in your Graveyard; change this face-up Attack Position card you control to face-up Defense Position, and add that target to your hand. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
2 Level 3 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from your hand or Deck. When a face-up "Wind-Up" monster on the field is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target that monster; return that target to the hand.
During your Main Phase: You can increase this card's Level by 2 and ATK by 600, until the End Phase. This effect can be used only once while this card is face-up on the field.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Wind-Up" monster from your Deck.
You can Tribute 1 face-up "Wind-Up" monster, except "Wind-Up Hunter"; send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can destroy that opponent's monster. This effect can be used only once while this card is face-up on the field.
You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; return that target to the hand. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
When a face-up "Wind-Up" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can negate the attack. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
If the effect of a "Wind-Up" monster is activated, except "Wind-Up Magician": You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Wind-Up" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
During either player's turn: You can target 1 "Wind-Up" monster you control; banish it until your next Standby Phase. This effect can be used only once while this card is face-up on the field.
During your Main Phase: You can target 1 "Wind-Up" monster in your Graveyard; change this face-up Attack Position card you control to face-up Defense Position, and Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
When a "Wind-Up" monster is Normal or Special Summoned to your side of the field: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects. ● Increase this card's Level by 1, until the End Phase. ● Reduce this card's Level by 1, until the End Phase.
During your Main Phase: You can target 1 Set card on the field; return that target to the hand. This effect can be used only once while this card is face-up on the field.
During your Main Phase: You can increase this card's Level by 1 and ATK by 400, until the End Phase. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
You can target 1 face-up "Wind-Up" monster you control; increase its Level by 1 and its ATK by 600, until the End Phase. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field.
2 Level 3 monsters  If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card instead. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this effect was used this turn: Target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
2 "Wind-Up" monsters  If this card is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Wind-Up" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as material. You can only use each of the following effects of "Wind-Up Zenmaintenance" once per turn.  ● If this card is Link Summoned: You can add 1 "Wind-Up" card from your Deck to your hand.  ● You can banish 1 face-up "Wind-Up" monster you control, face-down; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck with the same name that card had on the field.
2 Level 4 monsters  This card gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to this card. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card to target 1 face-up monster you control; change that face-up monster to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, during the End Phase of this turn, change it to face-up Attack Position.
When this card is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Gusto" Tuner monster from your Deck.
When this card destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 3 or lower "Gusto" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.
"Genex Controller" + 1 or more non-Tuner WIND monsters This card gains 300 ATK for each face-down Spell and Trap Card on the field. You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy 1 face-down Spell or Trap Card on the field.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by having exactly 5 WIND monsters in your Graveyard, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. When this card is Special Summoned: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls. You can only use this effect of "Windrose the Elemental Lord" once per turn. If this card leaves the field, skip the Battle Phase of your next turn.
"Windwitch - Winter Bell" + 1 "Windwitch" monster  You can target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that target's original name, and replace this effect with that target's original effects. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Windwitch - Winter Bell" and 1 Level 4 or lower "Windwitch" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon them. You can only use each effect of "Windwitch - Crystal Bell" once per turn.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Windwitch" monster from your Deck to your hand, except "Windwitch - Glass Bell", also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except WIND monsters. You can only use this effect of "Windwitch - Glass Bell" once per turn.
If you control no monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 "Windwitch" monster from your Deck, but it cannot be Tributed. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except Level 5 or higher WIND monsters. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can only use each effect of "Windwitch - Ice Bell" once per turn.
If you control 2 or more WIND monsters and no non-WIND monsters: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. A WIND Synchro Monster that was Summoned using this card as Synchro Material cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner WIND monsters  You can target 1 "Windwitch" monster in your Graveyard; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that target's Level x 200. During either player's Battle Phase: You can target 1 "Windwitch" monster you control; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand with a Level less than or equal to that monster, but it cannot attack this turn. You can only use each effect of "Windwitch - Winter Bell" once per turn.
This flying creature never misses its intended target.
This fairy in an eggshell uses massive wings to blow back almost any projectile attack.
Few can withstand the scythe-like arms of this dangerous creature.
A dragon commonly found guarding mountain fortresses. Its signature attack is a sweeping dive from out of the blue.
This monster's wings are capable of generating tornadoes.
Legend has it that this creature can foretell the birth of children.
If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: For the rest of this turn, you take no battle damage.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned with "Transcendent Wings" and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. During your opponent's Battle Phase: You can Tribute this face-up card; destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls and inflict damage to your opponent equal to the combined original ATK of those destroyed monster(s).
During either player's turn, as Chain Link 3 or higher: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Spell Cards that have been activated are banished instead of being sent to the Graveyard. The ATK and DEF of this card are each equal to the number of Spell Cards in your opponent's Graveyard x 500. You can only control 1 face-up "Winged Kuriboh LV9".
Tribute this face-up card. Select 1 face-up Fiend-Type monster on the field. Increase the ATK and DEF of the monster by 700 points as long as it remains face-up on the field.
During either player's turn, when a Trap Card is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can return this face-up card from the field to the hand.
When this card destroys an opponent's face-up Attack Position monster by battle and sends it to their Graveyard: You can place that monster on top of their Deck.
Crimson wings of fire make this a very lethal creature.
When a face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster(s) you control is banished: You can Special Summon this card from your hand or Graveyard. (The banished monster(s) must be Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type even after being banished.)
A six-winged fairy who prays for peace and hope.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have a "Magician" or "Performapal" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy this card, and if you do, place 1 "Magician" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone, except "Wisdom-Eye Magician".  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can discard this card, then target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone, whose current Pendulum Scale is different from its original Pendulum Scale; its Pendulum Scale becomes its original Pendulum Scale until the end of this turn.
FLIP: Select 1 Monster Card from you or your opponent's Graveyard. Remove it from play.
Inflict 500 damage to your opponent each time a monster(s) is Special Summoned from either player's Deck.
If this card is sent from the field to the GY: Add 1 monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand, but you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Witch of the Black Forest" once per turn.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. When this card is Normal Summoned while you control no cards, draw 1 card and reveal it. If the card you drew is not a Monster Card, send it to the Graveyard and destroy this card.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, increase the ATK of all DARK monsters by 500 points and decrease the ATK of all LIGHT monsters by 400 points.
(Quick Effect): You can discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your hand, except "Witchcrafter Edel". You can Tribute this card, then target 1 Spellcaster monster in your GY, except "Witchcrafter Edel"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Edel" once per turn.
During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck, except "Witchcrafter Genie". You can banish this card and 1 "Witchcrafter" Spell from your GY; this effect becomes that Spell's effect when the card is activated. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Genie" once per turn.
When your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a Spellcaster monster(s) you control, or targets your Spellcaster monster for an attack, while this card is in your hand (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card your opponent controls or 1 "Witchcrafter" Spell in your GY; Special Summon this card, and if you do, return the targeted card to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Witchcrafter Golem Aruru" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: Return this card to the hand.
Your opponent cannot target other Spellcaster monsters you control with card effects. (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 Spell, then target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Witchcrafter Haine" once per turn.
During damage calculation, if your Spellcaster monster battles an opponent's monster (Quick Effect): You can reveal any number of Spells with different names in your hand, and if you do, your battling monster gains 1000 ATK/DEF for each card revealed, until the end of this turn. (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 Spell; negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Madame Verre" once per turn.
During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck, except "Witchcrafter Pittore". You can banish this card from your GY; draw 1 card, then send 1 "Witchcrafter" card from your hand to the GY, or, if you have none, banish your entire hand. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Pittore" once per turn.
During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck, except "Witchcrafter Potterie". If you have no cards in your hand: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Witchcrafter" card in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Potterie" once per turn.
During the Main Phase (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card, then discard 1 Spell; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck, except "Witchcrafter Schmietta". You can banish this card from your GY; send 1 "Witchcrafter" card from your Deck to the GY, except "Witchcrafter Schmietta". You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Schmietta" once per turn.
Dressed in a night-black tuxedo, this creature presides over the darkness.
If this card is Special Summoned: You can gain 500 LP for each monster "Fur Hire" you control with a different name, except "Wiz, Sage Fur Hire". When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or effect (Quick Effect): You can discard 1 card "Fur Hire"; negate the activation. You can only use each effect of "Wiz, Sage Fur Hire" once per turn.
You can target 1 "Buster Blader" you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. While this card is equipped to a monster, monsters in your opponent's Graveyard cannot activate their effects. You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Destruction Sword" monster in your Graveyard, except "Wizard Buster Destruction Sword"; add it to your hand.
Increase this card's ATK by 100 points for every Plant-Type monster that is face-up on the field.
Dis alpha wolf yoozes his sense a smell ta find da enemy. 'ey, quit sniffin at my socks!
Once it has started battle, this monster attacks fiercely and cannot stop.
A creature with a wicked smile and a lethal sickle.
A living corpse of wood re-animated by the power of darkness.
The new form of the enigmatic Inpachi, remodeled by cutting-edge Dark World technology. Maneuverability has been sacrificed for strong armor, which is considered more important.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by having 2 or more Normal Monsters in your Graveyard. You can Tribute this card to add 1 Gemini monster from your Deck to your hand.
Send 1 Equip Card equipped to this card to the Graveyard. Inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard, except "World Carrotweight Champion"; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "World Carrotweight Champion" once per turn.
When a card or effect is activated that targets your linked monster (Quick Effect): You can send this card from your hand or field to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Normal Monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only use this effect of "World Chalice Guardragon" once per turn.
3 Link Monsters  Must first be either Fusion Summoned, or Special Summoned from your Extra Deck by Tributing the above cards you control (in which case you do not use "Polymerization"). This card can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. When an attack is declared involving this card and an opponent's Link Monster: You can banish 1 Link Monster with the same Link Rating as that monster from your field or GY; destroy that opponent's monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK.
3 Level 5 or higher monsters  Cannot be used as Link Material. This Link Summoned card is unaffected by other monsters' effects. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Gears of Theurlogical Demiurgy" once per turn.  ● During your Main Phase, if you control this card that was Link Summoned using 3 monsters that had 3 different Types and Attributes on the field: You can destroy all other cards on the field.  ● If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your Deck.
This card can be treated as 2 Tributes for a Tribute Summon. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy - "World Ark"" once per turn.  ● If a Link Monster(s) you control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your GY: You can send this card from your hand to the GY, then target 1 of those Link Monsters; Special Summon it.  ● If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Extra Deck while you control this Normal Summoned/Set card: You can send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY.
When a monster is Flip Summoned: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "World Legacy" card from your Deck to your hand. If this Normal Summoned/Set card is on the field (Quick Effect): You can target 1 face-up opponent's monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; return both that monster and this card to the hand. You can only use each effect of "World Legacy - "World Armor"" once per turn.
If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck (except during the Damage Step): You can Tribute this card; send that monster(s) to the GY. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy - "World Chalice"" once per turn.  ● If this face-up Normal Summoned/Set card leaves the field: You can Special Summon 2 "World Chalice" monsters from your Deck, except "World Legacy - "World Chalice"".  ● During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "World Legacy" card from your Deck to your hand.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) in Defense Position to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only Special Summon "World Legacy - "World Crown"" once per turn this way. When a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck activates its effect (Quick Effect): You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this Normal Summoned/Set card is Tributed: You can add 1 "World Legacy" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "World Legacy - "World Crown"" once per turn.
You can discard 1 "World Legacy" card; during your Main Phase this turn, you can Tribute Summon 1 monster, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's Link Monster: You can return that monster to the Extra Deck. You can only use each effect of "World Legacy - "World Key"" once per turn.
Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack "World Legacy" monsters you control, except this one. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy - "World Lance"" once per turn.  ● During damage calculation, if a Link Monster battles a monster (Quick Effect): You can discard this card; the opponent's battling monster loses 3000 ATK.  ● If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Special Summon 1 "World Legacy Token" (Machine/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to both players' fields in Defense Position.
Unaffected by activated effects from any monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. Your opponent cannot target your "World Legacy" cards in this card's column with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. During the Standby Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can pay 1000 LP; Special Summon this card, then your opponent can Special Summon 1 monster from their hand or GY. You can only use this effect of "World Legacy - "World Shield"" once per turn.
This Normal Summoned/Set card cannot be destroyed by battle with a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy - "World Wand"" once per turn.  ●If this card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your hand.  ●You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your banished "Orcust" monsters; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.
All monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK/DEF for each Dragon monster you control. You can only use each of the following effects of "World Legacy Guardragon Mardark" once per turn.  ● You can banish 2 Normal Monsters from your hand or GY; Special Summon this card from your hand.  ● If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add, from your GY to your hand, 1 Level 9 monster with a different original Type and Attribute than this card.
When this card is Special Summoned by the effect of a Spellcaster-Type monster or a "Spellbook" Spell Card: You can target 2 "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand. You cannot Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this effect. When you add card(s) to your hand by this effect: You can reveal 4 "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names in your hand; destroy all other cards on the field.
FLIP: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
When this card is Normal Summoned: Target 1 Defense Position monster; change that target to face-up Attack Position.
FLIP: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Deck to your hand.
FLIP: This card gains 300 ATK and DEF.
Once this monster wraps itself around a victim, there is no escape.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. Once per turn, select 1 face-up Reptile-Type "Worm" monster on the field and change it into face-down Defense Position.
FLIP: Change all face-up Reptile-Type "Worm" monsters you control to face-down Defense Position, except this card.
Each time a face-down Defense Position monster is flipped face-up, place 1 Worm Counter on this card. This card gains 300 ATK for each Worm Counter on it.
FLIP: When this card is flipped face-up by an opponent's monster's attack, draw 1 card. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard.
Each time a card is Set on your side of the field, place 1 Worm Counter on this card. You can remove 2 Worm Counters from this card to select 1 card your opponent controls, and destroy it.
FLIP: When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard this turn: Special Summon it from the Graveyard in face-up Defense Position.
This card can be Tribute Summoned in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster. You can Tribute 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster to select 1 card your opponent controls, and destroy it.
FLIP: During each End Phase, if this card is face-up, draw 1 card.
FLIP: You can equip this card to a monster your opponent controls as an Equip Card. Inflict 400 damage to the controller of the equipped monster during each Standby Phase.
FLIP: If this card is flipped face-up by an opponent's monster's attack, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the attacking monster's ATK.
FLIP: All face-up monsters on the field lose 500 ATK, except Reptile-Type "Worm" monsters.
If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can add 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Deck to your hand. If you do not control at least 1 other Reptile-Type "Worm" monster, destroy this card during the End Phase.
You can Tribute Summon this card in face-up Attack Position by Tributing 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster. Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster to Special Summon 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Deck with a Level less than or equal to the Tributed monster.
This card can only declare an attack during the turn it was flipped face-up. If this card attacks, it is changed to face-down Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase.
This card gains 100 DEF for each Reptile-Type "Worm" monster in your Graveyard. If your opponent takes Battle Damage from attacking this card, at the end of the Damage Step select 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls, and destroy it.
Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Graveyard. If you do, this card can attack twice during this turn's Battle Phase.
When you Tribute Summon a Reptile-Type "Worm" monster by Tributing this card, you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field, in face-up Attack Position.
FLIP: Destroy all face-up monsters on the field, except Reptile-Type "Worm" monsters. This card gains 500 ATK for each Reptile-Type "Worm" monster in your Graveyard.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. Negate the effects of Effect Monsters destroyed by battle with this card. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, it can attack once again in a row.
When this card is Normal Summoned, you can send 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. If you control a face-up "Worm Yagan", this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
If the only monster you control is "Worm Xex", you can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in face-down Defense Position. If you do, remove it from play when it is removed from the field. When this card is flipped face-up, select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and return it to it's owner's hand.
2 or more Reptile-Type "Worm" monsters For each Fusion Material Monster with a different name used to Fusion Summon this card, it gains 500 ATK, and also gains these effects: ●2+: Once per turn, you can select 1 Reptile-Type monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position. ●4+: You can remove from play 1 Reptile-Type monster from your Graveyard to send 1 monster on the field to the Graveyard. ●6+: Once per turn, you can draw 1 card.
A fish with arms, legs, and some very sharp teeth.
Once per turn, during the Standby Phase: You can pay 500 LP; send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to that monster's Level x 200 if it was a monster. If this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 monster with the lowest Level from your Graveyard to your hand (your choice, if tied).
A harmless monster found lurking in just about any attic.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 "Elemental HERO" card and 1 "Polymerization" in your Graveyard; add both those targets to your hand.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect. If this card is sent from your Deck to the GY: Special Summon it.
FLIP: While this card is face-up on the field, take control of 1 WIND monster your opponent controls.
2 monsters, including a WIND monster  (This card is always treated as a "Familiar-Possessed" card.)  You can target 1 WIND monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it to your zone this card points to. If this Link Summoned card is destroyed by battle, or is destroyed by an opponent's card effect while in its owner's Monster Zone: You can add 1 WIND monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Wynn the Wind Charmer, Verdant" once per turn.
A monster with a mighty cannon barrel, it is able to integrate its attacks. It attacks in many ways by combining and separating with other monsters.
2 Insect monsters  "Krawler" monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by battle, gain 300 ATK/DEF, and if they battle your opponent's monster, any battle damage they inflict to your opponent is doubled. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can target 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them in face-down Defense Position.
2 "Krawler" monsters  If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can target 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them in face-down Defense Position. Apply these effects based on the number of "Krawler" monsters you control.  ● 2+: All monsters you control gain 300 ATK/DEF.  ● 4+: Your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated during the Battle Phase.  ● 6+: Your monsters can attack directly.
2 EARTH monsters  "Krawler" monsters this card points to cannot be destroyed by battle, gain 300 ATK/DEF, and can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. If this face-up card is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect while its owner controls it: You can target 2 "Krawler" monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them in face-down Defense Position.
If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
A female X-Saber Warrior, known for her graceful attacks and calm decision making in battle. Her ambition is merciless, and strikes fear in the hearts of her enemies.
While you control this face-up card, when a "Saber" monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
If this card attacks an opponent's monster, this card gains 300 ATK during the Damage Step only. If this card is attacked by an opponent's monster, this card loses 500 ATK during the Damage Step only. When this card is selected as an attack target, you can Tribute another "Saber" monster to negate the attack.
When another "Saber" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can pay 500 Life Points to Special Summon this card from the Graveyard.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: You take 1000 damage. You must control this card in face-up Defense Position to activate and to resolve this effect.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "X-Saber" monsters You can Tribute 1 "X-Saber" monster, then choose 1 of these effects; this card gains that effect until the end of this turn. ● At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster: Destroy that monster. ● This card cannot be destroyed by Trap effects.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent while they have 4 or more cards in their hand, place 1 random card from their hand on top of their Deck.
When this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can Tribute this card to return the destroyed card to the top of its owner's Deck.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; this turn, you can use it as an Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon using its Rank as if it were a Level (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can target 1 LIGHT monster on the field; that face-up monster has its effects negated until the end of this turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control, and 1 Level 5 or higher monster you control; that Xyz Monster's Rank becomes equal to the Level of that Level 5 or higher monster, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). While you control more cards than your opponent does, this card's Pendulum Scale becomes 4.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving this card. Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up monster you control; this card's ATK becomes equal to that monster's current ATK, until the end of this turn.
2 Warrior monsters  If this card is Link Summoned: You can target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can Tribute 1 "Destiny HERO" monster; add 1 "HERO" monster with a different name from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Xtra HERO Cross Crusader" once per turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate either of this card's effects, except "HERO" monsters.
2+ "HERO" monsters  This card, also any "HERO" monsters it points to gain 100 ATK for each "HERO" monster with different names in your GY. If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage.
2 "HERO" monsters  If a "HERO" monster is Normal or Special Summoned to your zone this card points to: Target 1 "Polymerization" Spell, "Fusion" Spell, or "Change" Quick-Play Spell in your GY; Set that target. You can only use this effect of "Xtra HERO Wonder Driver" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY, or if this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 "HERO" monster from your hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster from your hand. Cannot be used as a Synchro Material, except for the Synchro Summon of an "X-Saber" Synchro Monster.
During the End Phase, if this card was sent from your side of the field to your Graveyard this turn: You can add 1 "X-Saber" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster from your Deck.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by controlling 2 or more face-up "X-Saber" monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can target the attacking monster; negate that attack. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card destroys an opponent's Defense Position monster by battle: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "X-Saber" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
If you have 2 or more "X-Saber" monsters in your Graveyard and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon this card from your hand.
When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by a card effect, add 1 "X-Saber" monster from your Deck to your hand. This card gains 200 ATK for each face-up "X-Saber" monster you control.
1 Tuner + 1 or more EARTH monsters You can Tribute 1 "X-Saber" monster to discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner "X-Saber" monsters When this card is Synchro Summoned, you can select and destroy up to 3 Spell or Trap Cards on the field.
When this card is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned, you can add 1 "X-Saber" monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
"X-Head Cannon" + "Y-Dragon Head" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card from the Graveyard to it as an Xyz Material. You can only use the effect of "Xyz Agent" once per Duel.
This card is unaffected by the effects of Xyz Monsters. When this card is destroyed by battle with an Xyz Monster and sent to the Graveyard: Activate 1 of these effects, depending on the Rank of the Xyz Monster that destroyed this card. ● Rank 3 or lower: Your opponent sends 1 card from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard. ● Rank 4: Choose 1 card in your opponent's Extra Deck and send it to the Graveyard.  ● Rank 5 or higher: Your opponent sends as many cards from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard as possible, but not more than the Xyz Monster's Rank.
You can Special Summon this card (from your hand) by detaching 2 Xyz Materials from monster(s) you control. When you do: You can target 2 Level 4 Fish-Type monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets in face-up Defense Position. Their effects are negated, they cannot attack or change their battle positions, and cannot be used as Xyz Materials for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a WATER monster.
If an Xyz Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon this card from your hand. If an Xyz Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your field while this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of those monsters; attach this card to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Xyz Slidolphin" once per turn.
"X-Head Cannon" + "Y-Dragon Head" + "Z-Metal Tank" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
You can banish 1 Dragon-Type monster and 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Xyz-Raypierce" from your hand or Deck. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can only use each effect of "Xyz-Raypierce" once per turn.
"X-Head Cannon" + "Z-Metal Tank" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "X-Head Cannon" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card gains 400 ATK and DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
When this card is changed from Attack Position to Defense Position, you can place any number of cards from your hand at the bottom of your Deck in any order you desire.
A cubical machine equipped with cutting blades for shredding an opponent to mincemeat.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned to a zone that is not the center Main Monster Zone, destroy this card. Once per turn: You can move this card to an unused adjacent Main Monster Zone. Each time exactly 1 monster is Normal or Special Summoned, to your opponent's field: Move this card to the adjacent Main Monster Zone closer to that opponent's monster, then destroy all other cards in this card's column.
Cannot be Special Summoned. During the End Phase of the turn this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: Return it to the hand. When this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
This monster has three fire-breathing heads and can form a sea of blazing flames.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, draw cards until you have 5 cards in your hand.
A dragon conjured from the very scroll in which it was depicted.
This card cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. This card cannot be Special Summoned except by removing from play 1 Spirit monster from your Graveyard. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Special Summoned. If this card destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls.
A treasure box containing a monster that attacks any unwary bandit.
You can discard 1 other "Mayakashi" monster; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Yasha, the Skeletal Mayakashi" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Mayakashi" monsters.
An intelligent palm tree that drops a hail of rock-hard coconuts on its enemies.
This card cannot be Special Summoned. This card returns to its owner's hand during the End Phase of the turn it is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. When this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, they skip their next Draw Phase.
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters Cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. You can only use each of these effects of "Yazi, Evil of the Yang Zing" once per turn. ● You can target 1 "Yang Zing" monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. ● When this card you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck in Defense Position.
When a Beast-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can remove from play 2 Beast-Type monsters from your Graveyard to Special Summon this card from your hand.
Cannot be Special Summoned, except with the effect of a "Ninja" monster or "Ninjitsu Art" card. Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can send 1 "Ninja" monster and 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card from your hand and/or face-up field to the GY, then target up to 2 Spell/Traps on the field; destroy them.
Cannot be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. While this card is face-up on the field, it cannot be Tributed. When this card on the field is destroyed: The controller targets 1 monster in their Graveyard; shuffle that target into the Deck. You can only control 1 face-up "Yellow Duston".
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Green Gadget" from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is Normal Summoned or flipped face-up: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Ninja" monster from your hand in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except "Ninja" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Yellow Ninja" once per turn.
When you Xyz Summon a monster: You can Special Summon this card from your hand. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster you control, then target 1 face-up Xyz Monster on the field; reduce its Rank by 1, and if you do, it loses 300 ATK.
1 Tuner + 1+ non-Tuner monsters / You can only control 1 "Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi". You can only use each of these effects of "Yoko, the Graceful Mayakashi" once per turn.  ● If a Synchro Monster in your possession whose original Level is 11 is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in the GY: You can banish 1 other Zombie monster from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon this card.  ● If this card is Special Summoned from the GY: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a monster(s) is Pendulum Summoned: Return this card from the Pendulum Zone to the hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Normal Summoned: You can send to the GY all monsters your opponent controls in the same column as the card(s) in your Pendulum Zones. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned or flipped face-up this turn: Return this card to the hand.
When this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 Tuner from your hand or Graveyard, but it has its effects negated.
If this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY: Destroy the monster that destroyed this card.
An extremely long snake that dwells in the world of myth.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Yosenju Izna" once per turn.  ● You can discard this card; this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects when a "Yosenju" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned.  ● If you control another "Yosenju" monster: You can draw 1 card.
If this card is Normal Summoned, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 1". If you control another "Yosenju" monster: You can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.
If this card is Normal Summoned, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 2". This card can attack your opponent directly, but when it does so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.
If this card is Normal Summoned, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 3". When another "Yosenju" monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can add 1 "Yosenju" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Yosenju Kama 3". You can only use this effect of "Yosenju Kama 3" once per turn. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.
You can Tribute this card, then target 1 "Yosen Training Grounds" you control; place 3 Yosen Counters on it. You can only use this effect of "Yosenju Kodam" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; you can Normal Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can Special Summon 1 "Yosenju" monster from your Deck, except "Yosenju Magat". During the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles a face-up non-WIND monster: You can destroy that monster. When this card is Pendulum Summoned: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. During the End Phase, if this card was Special Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can send 1 "Yosenju" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, except "Yosenju Oyam"; Special Summon this card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Yosenju Oyam" once per turn. At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's face-up monster: You can make this card's ATK and DEF become equal to the original ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling, until the end of this turn. When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Yosenju" card from your Deck to your hand.
Once per turn, during the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Yosenju Sabu" once per turn.  ● If this card is Normal Summoned while you control another "Yosenju" card: You can add 1 "Yosenju" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● You can target 1 "Yosenju" card you control; place 1 "Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village" or "Yosen Whirlwind" from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone, and if you do, shuffle the targeted card into the Deck.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a "Yosenju" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy this card instead.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. Your opponent cannot target "Yosenju" monsters you control with card effects, except this one.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have a "Yosenju" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can make this card's Pendulum Scale become 11 until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Yosenju" monsters (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal Summoned: Change it to Defense Position. Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up "Yosenju" monsters for attacks, except this one.
During the End Phase, if this card was Normal Summoned this turn: Return it to the hand. You can only use each of these effects of "Yosenju Tsujik" once per turn. ● During either player's Damage Step, when a "Yosenju" monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can discard this card; that monster you control gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. ● You can target 1 "Yosenju" monster on the field; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn.
This card cannot be destroyed by battle. You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. Before damage calculation, when this face-up Attack Position card is attacked by an opponent's monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK. During your End Phase: Tribute 1 other monster or destroy this card. When this card is destroyed, except by its own effect: Its owner can Special Summon 1 "Yubel - Terror Incarnate" from their hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Yubel", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. Before damage calculation, when this face-up Attack Position card is attacked by an opponent's monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK. During your End Phase: Destroy all other monsters on the field. When this face-up card leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare" from your hand, Deck or Graveyard.
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must be Special Summoned by "Yubel - Terror Incarnate", and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. This card cannot be destroyed by battle. You take no Battle Damage from battles involving this card. At the end of the Damage Step, if this face-up Attack Position card battles with an opponent's monster: Inflict damage equal to that monster's ATK to your opponent, also destroy that monster.
While this card is in your hand or GY, if you control a "Mayakashi" card other than "Yuki-Musume, the Ice Mayakashi": You can Special Summon this card, then send 1 Zombie monster from your Deck to the GY. You can only use this effect of "Yuki-Musume, the Ice Mayakashi" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except "Mayakashi" monsters.
2 "Mayakashi" monsters  You can only control 1 "Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi". While this card points to a Synchro Monster(s), your opponent's monsters cannot target this card for attacks. If a Synchro Monster(s) in your possession is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is on the field: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; its ATK/DEF become half its current ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Yuki-Onna, the Ice Mayakashi" once per turn.
"Y-Dragon Head" + "Z-Metal Tank" Must first be Special Summoned (from your Extra Deck) by banishing the above cards you control. (You do not use "Polymerization".) Cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard. You can discard 1 card, then target 1 face-down monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "X-Head Cannon" or "Y-Dragon Head" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it. A monster equipped with this card gains 600 ATK and DEF, also if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy this card instead.
You can Tribute Summon this card by Tributing 1 Tribute Summoned monster. If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy it, then, if it was a LIGHT monster, both players send as many cards as possible from their Extra Deck to the Graveyard, but not more than the original Level/Rank of that destroyed monster. If this card was Tribute Summoned by Tributing a LIGHT monster, add this additional effect. ● You choose the cards your opponent sends to the Graveyard.
If this card is Tribute Summoned: Target 1 monster on the field; destroy that target.
His swiftly drawn blade delivers quick and fatal damage.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can choose 1 unused Monster Zone or Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is in the Pendulum Zone, that chosen Zone cannot be used.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can choose 1 unused Monster Zone or Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is face-up in the Monster Zone, that Zone cannot be used.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned by a card effect during your Main Phase 1, cannot be Special Summoned by other ways, and cannot be Special Summoned if you have Special Summoned this turn. Twice per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by battle. Each turn, the turn player can only Special Summon a number of times up to their number of attacks conducted (and reached the Damage Step) this turn.
Cannot be Special Summoned from the Deck. If you control no monsters, you can Normal Summon this card without Tributing. Cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. You take no battle damage from attacks involving this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if this card battled: Shuffle all Spells and Traps your opponent controls into the Deck. If this card is sent from the field to the GY: You can draw 1 card. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
A lethal crawfish with extremely dangerous claws.
2+ monsters Special Summoned from the Extra Deck  If a monster(s) this card points to that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: Add 1 monster from your GY or 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can target 1 monster on each player's field that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, except this card; banish both until the End Phase. You can only use each effect of "Zefra Metaltron" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "Zefra" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your Extra Deck face-up, and if you do, change this card's Pendulum Scale to be the same as that Pendulum Monster's, until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Zefraath" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your face-up Extra Deck) by Tributing all monsters you control, including at least 3 "Zefra" monsters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. After you Special Summon this card, you can conduct 1 Pendulum Summon of a "Zefra" monster(s) during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Pendulum Summon. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 "Zefra" monster from your Deck.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Yang Zing" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  When this card is Pendulum Summoned, or when this card is destroyed by battle or card effect while in your Monster Zone: You can add 1 "Yang Zing" or "Zefra" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Zefraniu, Secret of the Yang Zing" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Nekroz" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  You can Tribute this card from your hand or face-up from your side of the field; Tribute monsters from your hand or field, then Ritual Summon 1 "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your hand whose Level exactly equals the total Levels of those monsters. You can only use this effect of "Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Nekroz" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  While this card is in your hand or Graveyard, if a face-up "Nekroz" or "Zefra" card(s), except "Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz", is destroyed by battle or card effect while in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone: You can Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz" once per turn.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Pendulum Summon monsters, except "Yang Zing" and "Zefra" monsters. This effect cannot be negated.  ----------------------------------------  [ Monster Effect ]  If this card is Pendulum Summoned, or Special Summoned from the Main Deck: You can target 1 "Yang Zing" or "Zefra" monster you control, except "Zefraxi, Treasure of the Yang Zing"; that monster is treated as a Tuner monster this turn, also place this card on the bottom of the Deck when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Zefraxi, Treasure of the Yang Zing" once per turn.
1 DARK Tuner + 1 non-Tuner Beast-Type monster If this card attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When an opponent's monster declares an attack, you can select that monster and send 1 monster from your hand or your side of the field to the Graveyard to negate the attack.
This card can only be Ritual Summoned with the Ritual Spell Card, "Zera Ritual".
You can discard this card to the GY; add 1 "The Sanctuary in the Sky" from your Deck to your hand. If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is not on the field, destroy this card.
You can Tribute this card to activate its effect. If you do, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, and you take no Battle Damage, during this turn. This effect can be activated during either player's turn.
2+ "Evil Eye" monsters  If this card was Link Summoned using a monster with 2600 or higher ATK as material, it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase. If this card is equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" (Quick Effect): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Zerrziel, Ruler of the Evil Eyed" once per turn. Once per turn, during the next Standby Phase after this effect was activated: Negate the effect of 1 Effect Monster this card currently points to.
You can Tribute 1 "Eva Token" to Special Summon this card from your hand. While this card is in your Graveyard, each time a monster(s) your opponent controls is removed from play, Special Summon 1 "Eva Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 2/ATK 500/DEF 500).
A monster whose full potential can be achieved when outfitted with "Metalmorph".
When a monster is Tribute Summoned by Tributing this card: The owner of this card gains 2000 Life Points.
Destroy this card if you do not have a Zombie-Type monster in your Graveyard. When this face-up card is destroyed, inflict damage to its controller equal to its original ATK.
Once per turn: You can send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Level 4 or lower Zombie-Type monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon that target. This card must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this card on the field, you can equip it to your "Decayed Commander" as an Equip Card, OR unequip the Union equipment and Special Summon this card in face-up Attack Position. While equipped to a monster by this card's effect, increase the ATK/DEF of the equipped monster by 500 points, and each time it destroys 1 of your opponent's monsters, your opponent discards 1 card randomly from his/her hand. (1 monster can only be equipped with 1 Union Monster at a time. If the equipped monster is destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead.)
"Skull Servant" + "Battle Warrior"
If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card (by battle or card effect): You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY, except "Zombina"; Special Summon it.
The two are so close  They die and return to life  Inseparable
When this card declares an attack, it gains 500 ATK. If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Level 1 monster with 0 ATK and DEF from your Deck. Its effects are negated, also it is destroyed during your next End Phase.
This card cannot attack your opponent directly. If this card destroys a monster by battle: This card loses 200 ATK.
A monster attacked by this card will be destroyed during the End Phase of the 5th turn after the attack.
5 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Boarbow" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. This card can attack your opponent directly. When this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent while it has 12 or more Xyz Materials: You can send as many cards as possible from your opponent's hand and field to the Graveyard, then change this card to Defense Position.
2 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Broadbull" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set from your Deck to your hand.
If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Zoodiac" card in your Graveyard, except "Zoodiac Bunnyblast"; add it to your hand. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Spell Card or effect that targets this card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation.
2 or more Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Chakanine" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 "Zoodiac" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but for the rest of this turn, it has its effects negated, also it cannot be used as an Xyz Material for a Summon.
4 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Drident" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it.
3 or more Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Hammerkong" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. While this card has Xyz Material, your opponent cannot target face-up "Zoodiac" monsters on the field with card effects, except this one. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Detach 1 Xyz Material from this card.
If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Zoodiac" card in your Graveyard, except "Zoodiac Kataroost"; shuffle it into the Deck. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a monster effect that targets this card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation.
If this card is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 "Zoodiac" monster in your Graveyard, except "Zoodiac Ramram"; Special Summon it. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● During either player's turn, when your opponent activates a Trap Card or effect that targets this card: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; negate the activation.
If this card is Normal Summoned: You can send 1 "Zoodiac" card from your Deck to your Graveyard. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Special Summon 1 "Zoodiac Ratpier" from your hand or Deck.
If this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can discard 1 "Zoodiac" card, and if you do, draw 1 card. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● If this card attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
3 Level 4 monsters  Once per turn, you can also Xyz Summon "Zoodiac Tigermortar" by using 1 "Zoodiac" monster you control with a different name as Xyz Material. (If you used an Xyz Monster, any Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK and DEF of all "Zoodiac" monsters attached to it as Materials. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 Xyz Monster you control and 1 "Zoodiac" monster in your Graveyard; attach that "Zoodiac" monster to that Xyz Monster as Xyz Material.
During either player's turn: You can target 1 Beast-Warrior-Type Xyz Monster you control; attach this card from your hand or field to it as Xyz Material. An Xyz Monster whose original Type is Beast-Warrior and has this card as Xyz Material gains this effect.  ● If this card battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: Banish that opponent's monster.
If you control a "Utopia" monster: You can draw 1 card. If a monster(s) you control is banished during the Battle Phase (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card from the field, then target 1 of those banished monsters; Special Summon that target, and if you do, banish 1 monster your opponent controls that has 3000 or less ATK. You can only use 1 "ZS - Vanish Sage" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If this card inflicts battle damage to your opponent, at the end of that Damage Step: Destroy the 1 face-up monster on the field that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied), and if you do, this card loses 800 ATK.
2 Level 4 monsters Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; equip 1 Warrior-Type monster from your hand to this card. This card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect.
At the start of the Damage Step, if this card attacks a face-up Defense Position monster: Destroy that monster.
If this card is in your hand and you control a "Zubaba" monster or "Gagaga" monster, except "Zubababanchou - Gagaga Coat": You can Special Summon this card. You can target 1 "Gogogo" monster or "Dododo" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Xyz Monsters. You can only use each effect of "Zubababanchou - Gagaga Coat" once per turn.
The name of this illustrious knight is known by all residents of Dark World. He never oppresses the commoners.
Cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. Must be Special Summoned (from your hand) by Tributing a monster you control with 10 Zushin Counters, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. Once per turn: You can reveal this card in your hand, then target 1 Level 1 Normal Monster you control (keep this card revealed until the end of this turn); place 1 Zushin Counter on it. Unaffected by other cards' effects. If this card battles a monster, during damage calculation: ATK and DEF of this card become equal to the current ATK of the monster it is battling +1000, during that damage calculation only.
You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1000 ATK. While this card is equipped to a monster, that monster can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each. You can only control 1 "ZW - Asura Strike".
If your opponent's Life Points are at least 2000 higher than yours, you can Special Summon this card (from your hand). You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster on the field to that target. It gains 2000 ATK. Once per turn, while this card is equipped to a monster, when a Trap Card or Trap effect that was activated on your opponent's side of the field resolves, negate the effects of that card. You can only control 1 "ZW - Eagle Claw".
2 Level 5 monsters This card cannot attack your opponent directly. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; add 1 "ZW -" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster on the field to that target. It gains 3000 ATK. During your Battle Phase, if a monster attacked this turn while equipped with this card: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; the monster that was equipped with this card can make a second attack, on an opponent's monster, during this Battle Phase.
You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1200 ATK. While this card is equipped to a monster, face-up "ZW -" cards you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If a monster equipped with this card would be destroyed by a card effect, destroy this card instead. You can only control 1 face-up "ZW - Lightning Blade".
You can target 1 face-up "Number C39: Utopia Ray" you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. It gains 1100 ATK. When the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only control 1 face-up "ZW - Phoenix Bow".
You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1000 ATK. When this card you control is sent to your Graveyard because the equipped monster was destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or card effect): You can target 1 "Utopia" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only control 1 "ZW - Sleipnir Mail".
You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster from your hand or your side of the field to that target. It gains 1300 ATK. While this card is equipped to a monster, your opponent cannot target that monster with card effects. If a monster equipped with this card would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead. You can only control 1 face-up "ZW - Tornado Bringer".
When this card is Normal or Special Summoned: You can target 1 of your banished Xyz Monsters; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. You can target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; equip this monster on the field to that target. It gains 2000 DEF. You can only control 1 face-up "ZW - Ultimate Shield".
You can target 1 "Number C39: Utopia Ray" you control; equip this card from your hand to that target. It gains 1900 ATK. If the equipped monster battles an opponent's monster, the opponent's monster's effect is negated during the Battle Phase only. You can only control 1 "ZW - Unicorn Spear".
