The “raven radiance” that races across the battlefield wearing suits that shine the purest black…  It’s the C Rangers who dwell in the shadows!  They oppose giant monsters with their hidden prowess of flight!
A huge turtle that has existed for more than 30,000 years.
A rare rainbow fish that has never been caught by mortal man.
A rarely seen flower that blossoms quietly on the edge of darkness.
A giant caterpillar that secretes an acid mist that melts anything.
An autonomous monkey type robot which was developed with cutting-edge technology. It moves very acrobatically.
A monster that feeds on oxygen, suffocating any who stand near.
He seems to be very unreliable, but he might have incredible potential.
A sorcerer who utters spells that render monsters unconscious.
This strange creature hides in the deep, dark corners of the seven seas.
Many of the czars' lost jewels can be found in the scales of this priceless dragon. Its creator remains a mystery, along with how they acquired the imperial treasures. But whosoever finds this dragon has hit the jackpot... whether they know it or not.
The Aliens have used a mysterious biological substance to create a supreme race of soldiers. They do not have the natural powers of the other Aliens, but can make stunning physical attacks.
A stag beetle with saw-like head and arms.
ey, dis mighty lissard man can swing his sword so fast, dat it's more dan da speed a sound!
A mighty monster in Mist Valley, and the ultimate weapon designed from Claiomh Solais. Its surprise attacks from above baffle invaders.
Alpha, Beta, and Gamma meld as one to form a powerful monster.
A mermaid who serves as a herald to the Ocean Lord. She protects the sacred domain of Atlantis.
On land or in the sea, the speed of this monster is unmatchable.
A fallen fairy that is powerful in the dark.
This elf is rumored to have lived for thousands of years. He leads an army of spirits against his enemies.
A very fragile jar that contains something ancient and dangerous.
Before the dawn of man, this lizard warrior ruled supreme.
This creature adopts the form of a white goat living in the forest, but is actually a Forest Elder.
Armed with an array of magic wands, this creature is capable of multiple attacks.
A destructive machine discovered in the Ruins of the Ancients.
This ancient arbor uses its extensive knowledge to avoid the damage of enemy attacks.
A silent and deadly warrior specializing in assassinations.
Dis man-like dinosawz gotta high I.Q., even tho he's lackin' in da strength depawtment. (Kinda like yooz, if ya had a high I.Q.! Nyaah!)
A wizard of the waters that conjures a liquid wall to crush any enemies that oppose him.
This monster hypnotizes an opponent with the ball on its tail and draws them to a watery doom.
An air marmot that has a nefarious horn and wings. It attacks by throwing acorns.
A wicked mirror that hypnotizes enemies, diverting attacks from their intended targets.
An expert at battle who belongs to a crack diabolical unit. He's famous because he always gets the job done.
A lady monster dwelling in a flower, she sprinkles the air with poisonous pollen.
An ammonite warrior that has protected the seas throughout history.
A strange warrior who manipulates three deadly blades with both hands and his tail.
A lizard with a very tough hide and a vicious bite.
The fur on this monster rat is tough enough to repel swords.
A bluish starfish with a solid hide capable of fending off attacks.
This warrior blindly swings a deadly blade with devastating force.
The Great Ocean Lord, who reigns over the depths, is served by these lancers. Deep-sea creatures exist in fear of facing the stream of attacks their lances are capable of.
An axe-wielding monster of tremendous strength and agility.
A jet-black dragon found in the deepest jungles who normally devours trees.
Much more than just a child, this dragon is gifted with untapped power.
An aristocrat who wields a sword possessed by a malicious spirit that preys on the weak.
This wicked flower attacks enemies with pollen projectiles.
Shouldering a pair of machine guns, this monster is unstoppable.
Usually found traveling in swarms, this creature's ideal environment is the forest.
A mechanical bat that drops blasts from its wings.
A cyborg with high defense power. Originally it was invented for a football machine.
A monster with tremendous power, it destroys enemies with a swing of its axe.
A bull monster often found in the woods, it charges enemy monsters with a pair of deadly horns.
A warrior that fights with his bare hands!!!
This monster wraps itself around an opponent and pecks away with its huge beak.
A plant-warrior that attacks with seeds and sword.
Only the master of the sword among the Fiend-Type monsters is permitted to hold the Talwar.   (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
A rare female beast-master with a very dangerous whip.
A vicious creature that has decapitated numerous enemy monsters.
What this creature lacks in size it makes up for in defense when battling in the prairie.
His battle with the Mekkstrosities never seems to end. Even when their forest was invaded by Mekkstrocious Insects, he stood his ground and inspired the other defenders around him.
With an enormous maw and massive teeth, this monstrosity is one dangerous and strange serpent from the deep.
Alpha, Beta, and Gamma meld as one to form a powerful monster.
A giant ant that dwells in the jungle, it is powerful whether attacking or defending.
A species of huge Des Koala. He's meek, but people are afraid of him because he's very powerful.
The mystic links of this chain can rob enemies of their power.
A monster created from a major accident in an underground lab.
A mysterious priest created as a result of the latest advances in biotechnology.
A new species found in electronic space. There's not much information on it.
A dragon that dwells in the depths of darkness, its vulnerability lies in its poor eyesight.
An image of beauty on the ice, this gorgeous warrior rips her opponents into pieces with her stylish Accel Slicer attack.
A wicked wooden spirit now burning in flames. Its fire attack is powerful, but it will soon be nothing but ashes.
Constructed from several components, this monster can launch them in a pincer attack.
The beams from the eyes of this creature are said to turn enemies into zombies.
This legendary dragon is a powerful engine of destruction. Virtually invincible, very few have faced this awesome creature and lived to tell the tale.
With hair shaped like a crown and a body encased in bluish white flames, this bird is a formidable sight.
A freight car that is exclusively for Dekoichi. It can transport anything, but most cargo arrives broken.
After rendering an opponent immobile by spitting a sticky goo, this monster closes in for the attack.
With each arm forming an electric whip, this monster paralyzes its enemies with electric shocks.
A mouse that has returned as a zombie to seek revenge on cats.
This monster wanders the seas, sucking dry any creatures it may encounter.
A book-like wizard with a wealth of magic written inside.
This is one sea creature whose wrath is something monsters fear to face.
A stone turtle that is nearly indestructible.
Armed with a mass of scissors, this monster can clip an enemy into any desired shape and size.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can banish this card in your Pendulum Zone, then target 1 "Bujin" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Bujin" Xyz Monster with a different name, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Imprisoned after a showdown with "Bujin Hirume" over the Sky Throne, this master schemer eventually escaped by manipulating Hirume and creating the sinister "Bujinki Amaterasu", then went on to almost engulf the world in darkness, but was finally defeated by Yamato and his allies.
This rabbit's got a sweet tooth! He's on a quest for the world's sweetest carrot, and just wants to nibble carrots all day today, tomorrow, and the day after that!
A sly rat. He will come at you with his huge left claw.
Decides the fate of an opponent when the candle on its fingertip burns out.
An elf who learned to wield a sword, he baffles enemies with lightning-swift attacks.
The Six Samurai are supported from the shadows by this silent and mysterious warrior. His past is unknown to them, but his countless scars are proof of his experience.
A slime that can morph and adopt the shape and size of any monster it chooses.
A wicked wooden spirit that has burned out. The barbecue grilled with this charcoal is so awesome that everybody thinks it's priceless.
Inspired by the World Hero legends he heard as a boy, this crusader adds a piece to his armor from every Mekkstrosity he destroys. He has set out on a quest from Fairy Lee to recover the Seven World Legacies and save their world.
A fiery mouse, travelling the world to become the strongest fighter in the world of mice. Be careful not to touch him, or you will get burned.
Stretching arms and razor-sharp claws make this monster a formidable opponent.
Smoke Balls are newly born Cloudians. They fear being alone, and would rather swing and sway in the sky with their friends.
A clown revived by the powers of darkness. Its deadly dance has sent many monsters to their graves.
A zombie shark that can deliver its lethal curse with a spell.
Queen of the galaxies and mistress of the stars.
This weakened dragon can no longer fly, but is still a deadly force to be reckoned with.
A powerful dragon with teeth that can grind almost anything to dust.
A flying fish that attacks with its pointed head.
A clever long-nosed goblin, he is a force to be reckoned with.
With her magical staff, she can channel the living heart of her world to shield her people from the Mekk-Knights that have overrun it.
A wicked dragon that taps into dark forces to execute a powerful attack.
A curtain that a spellcaster made, it is said to raise a dark power.
A strike force equipped with rocket launchers and bazookas.
A jet-powered hawk that travels at the speed of sound.
Guardian of the Machine Master, it crushes opposition by rolling over them.
A mechanical soldier that won't stop attacking until all life readings have been extinguished from its sensors.
Originally a pterodactyl, he was viciously attacked by a dragon. Using the newest technologies, his keeper saved him from near-fatal wounds and brought him back as a powerful Cyborg.
The most lovable and friendly of all the Vehicroids. It can arm itself with training wheels!
Gifted with the power of dragons, this warrior wields a sword created from a dragon's fang.
A poor goblin that was sucked into a different dimension. However, he's doing his best with his new destiny.
An elf that dances across the sky with wings of razor-sharp blades.
Armed with the Psycho Sword, this sinister assassin rules the bad land.
Bats from the netherworld that use their hyper senses to detect their enemies.
They say he is a dragon-manipulating warrior from the dark world. His attack is tremendous, using his great swords with vicious power.
A fire-breathing monster that dwells in the netherworld.
Entirely gray, this beast has rarely been seen by mortal eyes.
It's said that this King of the Netherworld once had the power to rule over the dark.
The ultimate wizard in terms of attack and defense.
This mutant flower draws its power from pollutants and the dark forces.
This monster bends light to hide its image from the eyes of opponents.
He leaps up, down, and all around! Nobody can lay a hand on this funny bunny.
A crystal monster that unleashes a brilliant light to blind enemies.
A fiend said to dwell in the world of dreams, it attacks enemies in their sleep.
A popular creature in mythology that delivers fatal attacks with a sharp spear.
An explosive expert from a special elite force.
A warrior who gained immeasurable power from the heart of a volcano.
A thorny plant found in the darklands that wraps itself around any unwary traveler.
A golem with a massive right hand for crushing its victims.
A monstrous creature whose body is fitted with cannons that never miss their targets.
An armadillo monster that rolls up to form a dice-like shape.
This beast coils like a snake, and strikes quickly with its snapping beak.
A subspecies found in electronic space. There's little information on it.
This monster hides in a saucer and only appears when executing an attack.
A monster born in the lava pits, it generates intense heat that can melt away its enemies.
A legendary dragon sent by the gods as their instrument. Legends say that if provoked, the whole world will sink beneath the sea.
This creature generates gale-force winds and tornadoes to blow its enemies away.
A messenger of doom that steals a soul with a single blow.
A boomerang with brains that will pursue a target to the ends of the earth.
This fairy rules over the end of existence.
A spirit of the forest powered by the surrounding trees and wildlife.
This monster splits in two and attacks from opposite sides.
This ugly monster emits a highly poisonous gas.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  All Normal Monsters gain 200 ATK. You take no battle damage from battles involving Normal Monsters you control.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The horns were needed to prepare a medicine for her village, suffering from a plague. Unknown to her, the dragons burned and trampled her village, once displaced from their den.
A stone warrior with the heart of a dragon.
A dragon revived by sorcery. Its breath is highly corrosive.
This gong harbors the soul of an untamed dragon. It soars through the skies with an incredible roar, marshaling all those who hear its call to battle.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have a "Magician" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can discard 1 Pendulum Monster, then target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This gifted magician can awaken the energy stored in the deep places of the earth, known as the Pits of the Dragon. His stoic approach wins him few friends, and he often bends to the desires of his pupil.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if you have a "Magician" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can discard 1 Pendulum Monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This boy magician has the gift of seeing the natural lines of energy that run through the earth, which his people call the Pulse of the Dragon. His exuberance and skill put him in high regard with his mentor, the "Dragonpit Magician".
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, if a Normal Monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle, after damage calculation: You can add 1 Level 4 or higher Normal Monster from your Deck to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Armed with muskets and iron spears, these mounted land troops of the Draconia Empire are feared by the Reptier Kingdom and other bordering nations.
This monster stuns its enemies with a massive beak and ear-piercing wails.
A blood-sucking snake in human form that attacks any living being that passes nearby.
Even when all odds are against this brave fairy, she will press onwards in battle and never retreat.
Hidden under the floors of a labyrinth, it swallows any who pass above.
A vengeful creature formed by the spirits of fallen warriors, it drags any who dare approach it into the deepest bowels of the earth.
The cane of this monster is the source of many powerful spells.
A winged Elemental HERO who wheels through the sky and manipulates the wind. His signature move, Featherbreak, gives villainy a blow from sky-high.
A flame manipulator who was the first Elemental HERO woman. Her Burstfire burns away villainy.
An Elemental HERO with a clay body built-to-last. He'll preserve his Elemental HERO colleagues at any cost.
A new Elemental HERO has arrived from Neo-Space! When he initiates a Contact Fusion with a Neo-Spacian his unknown powers are unleashed.
An Elemental HERO and a warrior of light who proficiently wields many kinds of armaments. His Static Shockwave cuts off the path of villainy.
An imperfect monster with a belly vortex that sucks in opponents of any size.
A reptilian monster that sprays fire in every direction.
Queen of an army of giant mantises whose command moves legions.
A beautiful mermaid that lures voyagers to a watery grave.
.ytilaer a maerd rieht ekam thgim yeht taht os ydob a rof gninraey ,sluos mrawsleetS gniregnil fo sthguoht eht era esehT "!etanimretxE !etacidarE !etanimilE"
This warrior transforms into various creatures to confuse enemies in battle.
This beautiful Dragon spirit harbors hidden strength.
This fairy protects a fountain from any who seek to muddy its waters.
This flying monster is known for delivering happiness to all.
Though destined to be a fairy, this creature chose the way of the witch instead.
This long-tailed bird blinds its enemies with mystical light.
A playful little fiend that lurks in the dark, waiting to attack an unwary enemy.
A giant squid that drags its enemies to a watery grave.
This monster can draw its enemies into a mirror world that renders them helpless.
A bird-beast that summons reinforcements with a hand mirror.
A huge scorpion inhabited by the soul of a fiend. Usually it holds back, but has untapped potential.
Whoever resists the curse of this blade will gain untold power.
Arms that reach out from the Swamp of Chaos to drag down the damned.
An eye engulfed in flames that flaps its wings to create hot blasts of air.
A squid that thrives on fire and heat.
A blazingly hardheaded dinosaur leader. It greets its enemies with its signature move Fire Opal Headbutt after toying with them with its dynamic movements and flames.
A reaper with a flaming arrow that burns an enemy to a crisp.
A fire-breathing plant found growing near volcanoes.
A heavenly stallion soaring through the skies on crimson wings.
A malevolent creature wrapped in flames that attacks enemies with intense fire.
Known to many as the "Burning Executioner", this monster is capable of burning enemies to cinders.
A warrior protected by a flaming shield that nullifies any attack.
This monster moves while swinging its burning rope.
This Spellcaster attacks enemies with fire-related spells such as "Sea of Flames" and "Wall of Fire".
A fire-breathing snake whose speed makes it a difficult target.
The power of the pendulum flashes forth from this shining knight.
Three wishes are granted to those fortunate enough to see this monster in flight.
A flying mantis that feeds primarily on insects.
A very rare penguin that takes to the air with ears shaped like wings.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  During the End Phase, if this card was activated this turn: You can target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A mechanized life form, roving through space-time. But the mysterious thing is that its memory i... m...stly gone. W...at is t...e reason? D..... refuse t... b.... interfered w...h?
A savage beast that carries a big bamboo stick for beating down its enemies.
This monster's metabolism enables it to endure long periods of cold, harnessing the power to become a creature of solid ice! Nothing else can withstand such temperatures, especially victims of its glacial rampage.
Melts away anything that dares to stand before it.
A rust-free machine warrior born to battle.
This young evildoer used to have an evil heart, but by meeting a special person, he discovered justice.
A knight whose horse travels faster than the wind. His battle-charge is a force to be reckoned with.
Alpha, Beta, and Gamma meld as one to form a powerful monster.
A crab that binds its enemies with a sticky web and attacks them with its sharp claws.
A monster so heavy that each step rocks the earth.
An axe-swinging beast-warrior with the head of a dragon.
A wicked beast that resembles a winged lion.
This weird monster has a portal in its belly that brings reinforcements from the farthest reaches of the netherworld.
An indestructible mechanoid created for the sole purpose of guarding the gateways.
This monster moves so fast that it looks like an illusion to mortal eyes.   (This card is always treated as a "Phantom Beast" card.)
A Gem-Knight officer of high rank, who has optimized the use of the crystal powers. Despite his ability to overwhelm most opponents, he's wary of stretching himself too thin, and opts for solidarity with his comrades.
The Gem-Knight Warrior who carries the Garnet Soul. His Flaming Iron Fist crushes all enemies.
The best of friends with Lazuli, this soldier deeply cares about the well-being of her friends.
His Sapphire power commands the waters to protect him from attack. His comrades trust in his silent protection.
He channels mystic energies and changes them into fighting strength through the power of Tourmaline. Many admire his way of life.
Elf twins that alternate their attacks.
This warwolf was given incalculable strength through horrific genetic manipulation. Its gentle nature was completely wiped out, and it now lives only to unleash destruction.
A creature that defeats its enemies using sleight-of-hand.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die and increase this card's Pendulum Scale by the result (max. 10), until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The ghost of Christmas Dinner.
A monster with a heavy appetite that has never been satisfied.
A massive flea that feeds on the blood of its enemies.
This monster swings an earth-shaking axe that cannot be blocked by a common sword.
A sea-dwelling snake that attacks passing enemies with its sharp teeth.
An extraordinary blue scorpion found in the tundra, not in the desert.
A giant warrior made of stone. A punch from this creature has earth-shaking results.
A crimson-shelled tortoise that feeds on flames.
In order to fight tremendous evil, he gained formidable power through body reconstruction, but lost his heart and his redemption.
An iron wolf with razor-sharp fangs that can penetrate any armor.
A massive steel ball that mows down anything in its path.
He has a tranquil soul, but carries a destiny that one day his heart shall be tainted by evil....
This steel-armored terror machine ruthlessly strikes down enemies with its giant katana.
Despite its small size, this monster has powerful jaws that can rip metal to shreds.
This one-eyed warrior bear is an aggressive hunter that strikes down its prey with the powerful swipes of its claws. No one can bear the brunt of his tremendously fast and heavy blows.
A Goblin who devotes himself to mastering perfect calligraphy of the word "False". He gives his all to each stroke.
His soul long since collapsed, his body recklessly continues onward, driven by a lust for more power. He no longer resembles his former self....
A large, spherical roach that attacks its enemies by rolling over them.
An iron giant that appears from a dimensional rift.
The gorgon egg's massive eyes are said to reflect the fate of its enemies.
A high-performance jet fighter with power capsules for variable attack capabilities.
A masked monster that wields the most deadly of curses.
A devious snake with a thick body that wraps around an enemy monster and squeezes the life out of it.
A graveyard that serves as a power source for zombies.
A very violent beast, it is always berserk. People say that they have never seen it silent.
Nothing escapes from this beast's massive mouth.
A giant white shark with razor-sharp teeth.
This youthful king of the forests lives in a green world, abundant with trees and wildlife.
This monster's tough hide deflects almost any attack.
A surface battle robot that was once used for sea warfare.
A slime boss that is definitely tougher than it looks.
A monster that guards the entrance to the Netherworld.
A robot guard built to protect throne rooms, it is armed with homing missiles.
This fairy uses her mystical power to protect the weak and provide spiritual support.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; roll a six-sided die and that monster's Level becomes the same as the result until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Hallo Hallo, brain of tallow,  Guts are gone, noggin's hollow.  Seeking sweets and marshing mallows,  Watch your back, and your candy sack.
An earthen figure that protects the tomb of an ancient ruler.
Enemies become overjoyed when struck by the Heart Ray emitted from the forehead of this tiny cherub.
A living suit of armor that attacks enemies with a bone-jarring tackle.
A Harpie chick who aspires to flit about beautifully and gorgeously, but attack sharply.
This human-shaped animal with wings is beautiful to watch but deadly in battle.
A haunted spirit of a falsely accused knight who wanders in search of truth and justice.
A massive beetle with a tough carapace and a dangerous horn.
Feel da strength ah dis sword-swinging samurai from da Far East.
Confuses enemy monsters with a noise that is harsh to the ears.
A mysterious engraved Hieratic relic. It was thought to be a simple stone, but it was actually infused with the power of a sun-wielding dragon. Aeons passed, and the power of the relic grew and grew until it finally shone like the sun itself.
A very agile half-fish warrior known for its relentless attacks.
An intensely hot flame creature that rams anything standing in its way.
A rabid starfish that spits a lethal acid that can melt almost anything.
A one-eyed behemoth with thick, powerful arms made for delivering punishing blows.
This machine generates illusions that leave an enemy wide open to attacks.
A small fiend that dwells in the dark, its single horn makes it a formidable opponent.
This creature grants power instead of shortening life.
This slime apparently has some human genes in its genetic makeup.
This dragon has taken down countless prey with its sharp fangs. It strikes very quickly, because if it does not strike first it is vulnerable to a counter-attack.
This monster feeds on whatever it catches in its web.
A tornado that ravages the wastelands with sharp winds that can cut to the bone.
None can survive the cold touch of this sub-zero warrior.
This amphibian is strong on the attack, but leaves much to be desired when defending.
A dragon created from a massibe diamond that sparkles with blinding light.
A very aggressive mermaid that attacks enemies with the spikes growing from its body.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The vaunted weapons of this pink Igknight have inflicted as much damage to her enemies as to her own troops, but she gets results so very few complain.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This impulsive Igknight warrior is fanatical about the causes he fights for. Because of this passion, his comrades try to keep him at arm's length.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A leader of the most dashing Igknight commando unit. His greatest challenge is keeping the hot tempers of his men under control.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A high-ranking Igknight warrior. When he does enter the fray, his sweeping attacks are feared not just by the enemy but also his own troops.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This Igknight has a reputation as a thinker with a cool head. But the truth is that his emotions just take longer to heat up.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The cold steel armor of this young squire cannot hide the keen, burning mind contained within.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  An experienced Igknight warrior who fights for justice and despises the corrupt. He even questions his own weapon these days, due to his absolute quest for righteousness.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If you have an "Igknight" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can destroy both cards in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, add 1 FIRE Warrior-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This grizzled leader of the bodyguards division acts as chaperone to the Cavalier, and is one of the few complainers about her recklessness (mostly to the Gallant, the only one who understands him).
This monster blasts enemies with unexpected bursts of wind.
Manipulates enemy attacks with the power of illusion.
A log that attacks lost travelers in the forest. Originally a big tree, it was cut down and possessed by a wicked spirit.
Of all Insect fighters, he is the paragon of the Indestructible Insect Invaders, which only the elite of the elite can join. We can no longer ignore their unmatched battle prowess.
An extraterrestrial monster that came from a distant galaxy.
A huge turtle that is often mistaken for an island.
A strong master swordsman. His loyalty is to justice, his duty to protect the weak.
An almost invisible, semi-transparent jellyfish that drifts in the sea.
Jerry, a bean soldier, believes he is the strongest warrior in the world, but his true abilities are still untested.
A wicked mirror that blocks off the damaging effects of an attack.
This club-wielding warrior battles to the end and will never surrender.
A huge monster in the shape of a hippopotamus. The sneezing from his gigantic body is so fierce that people mistake it for a hurricane.
Serving as a double for the Ruler of the Blue Flame, he's a master swordsman that wields a fine blade.
He yoozes both a physical and a shadow form ta attack. So he's a tough monstah ta beat!
A sea dragon known as the King of the Ocean, it attacks its enemies with huge tidal waves.
A man-shaped mantis with two razor-sharp scythes.
A lady warrior armed with sword and shield, she floats lightly and stings sharply.
A monster crab with huge claws for clipping enemies to little pieces.
An amphibian that sold his soul for unlimited power to avenge his late friend.
Attacks enemies by spitting thin, sticky webs.
Enemies' hearts will melt at the sight of this small fairy's cuteness.
This fiend brings out the worst in everyone.
A huge bee with exceptional strength that's particularly dangerous in a swarm.
A fiend that dwells in a blinding curtain of smoke.
Wields the power of darkness to destroy its enemies.
A man-hunter with powerful arms that can crush boulders.
A high-powered dung beetle that can roll dung larger than itself. It crushes its foes with its massive ball of dung.
A vicious, fire-breathing dragon whose wicked flame corrupts the souls of its victims.
A workaholic fiend who devotes everything to his research into the languages of Dark World. His mind has collapsed because of working too hard.
A vicious crocodile with great intelligence.
A massive, intelligent spider that traps enemies with webbing.
A vicious bird that attacks from the skies with its whip-like tail.
A very vicious stag beetle that goes for the head.
A genie of the lamp that is at the beck and call of its master.
These walls form a labyrinth with no exit for enemies.
Soothes the souls of others by chanting a mysterious spell.
An electric cloud creature, its acid rain makes it very dangerous.
A sorcerer that draws its power from the lunar landscape.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If a Normal Monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This primordial species survived extinction by evolving an offensive lance that can pierce anything, although its diet still consists mainly of fish.
A fast-moving, bird-like creature that strangles opposing monsters with its long, thin arms.
A flower whose laugh can confuse the minds of enemies.
A mechanical spider with rocket launchers capable of random fire.
A forbidden left arm sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
A forbidden left leg sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
A mysterious magician that cloaks itself with a black cape. Its identity is a talking lion beast.
Huge monster with a lion's mane similar to the King of Beasts.
A territorial electronic monster that guards its own domain.
A minor dragon incapable of breathing fire.
I am the ruler of all creation sitting atop the supreme throne… let there be light!
This massive eel generates huge charges of electricity and unleashes them as thunderbolts.
A liquid life form that thrives on water.
A creature with sapphire eyes that mesmerizes and confuses enemies.
Yo, this tyrannosaurus tot's got a terrible temper.
A living vase that bites enemies and blinds them with a blast of its flower.
A beast soldier derived from dragons, it is small for a Dragon-Type. Moving very quickly, this monster is an excellent strategist.
This spirit emerges from the mystic lamp and obeys the wishes of its summoner.
A wicked entity that manipulates enemies towards a path of destruction.
This creature may look slim and weak, but it's protected by a mystical force.
A lovely creature guarded by the moon. Her lunar curtain can block just about any attack.
A very beautiful dragon covered with sapphire. It does not like fights, but has incredibly high attack power.
This dragon feeds on emerald. Enchanted by this monster even when attacked, few people live to tell of its beauty.
Specializing in combination attacks, this warrior uses magnetism to block an enemy's escape.
Specializing in combination attacks, this warrior is equipped with a tough, magnetically coated armor.
This cannon-like creature fires eyeballs so fast they can't be seen.
This machine, created to lead charges into enemy territory, mows down enemies by rushing.
He used to be a normal dog who played around in a park, but was corrupted by the powers of darkness.
A gourmet food renowned by the Dark World upper crust. It has sensational flavor.
A living weapon that spits projectiles.
This creature casts a spell of terror and confusion just before attacking its enemies.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You can declare a Level from 1 to 6, then target 2 face-up monsters you control; until the end of this turn, reduce the Level of 1 monster by the declared Level, and if you do, increase the Level of the other monster by the declared Level. You can only use this effect of "Magicalibra" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A sentient scale. It maintains the balance of the world, but often gets mistakenly used as a mace.
A sorcerer blessed by lunar light with powers far beyond mortal comprehension.
A mammoth that protects the graves of its pack and is absolutely merciless when facing grave-robbers.
Man-eating plant with poison feelers for attacking enemies.
A meat-eating plant that is attractive to the eye but dangerous when approached.
A monster disguised as a treasure chest that is known to attack the unwary adventurer.
This mandragora harbors the soul of a sorrowful dragon. The cursed tones of its wailing cause both fear and despair.
Legendary swordmaster Masaki is a veteran of over 100 battles.
This warrior's fatal dance is performed with a lethal sickle.
A deadly duo consisting of a beast master and its loyal servant.
A wandering Kyonshee searching for a strong rival to defeat. They say he was known as the master of all martial arts.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once, while this card is in your Pendulum Zone: You can target 1 card in a Pendulum Zone; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  "Luster Pendulum, the Dracoslayer" continues his journey to uncover the secrets of Dragon Alchemy, believing it is the key to dispelling his curse and restoring his memory. His power continues to grow... perhaps the same power used by the Dracofiends?
A mechanized bass with a large mouth and a cannon on its back. The cannon fires blinding plasma rays.
This creature attacks by launching missile-like arms.
A large chameleon with the ability to alter its body coloring. Using this ability, it can conceal itself in any location.
A cyborg snail that still travels at a slow pace.
A hunter that relentlessly pursues its target by order of the Machine King.
An eyeball fiend created by a servant of the wicked, it uses "Dark Blasts" to blow away its enemies.
Rolls along the ground releasing bolts of electricity to attack its enemies.
With its sound-baffling armor and gargantuan jaws, this primeval predator's phosphorescence was the only possible pardon for its primitive prey.
Made of mysterious metal, this monster is a doomsday machine from the edge of the universe.
Nothing stands in the way of this spike-covered dinosaur!
The fatal beams from the eyes of this monster result in grim destruction.
"Check THIS out!"
This monster has four different masks for four different attacks.
Dis big ol' guy wit' a big ol' eye shoots a nasty ray beam right atcha!
A gigantic insect-like creature covered by thick armor. Everything in his path is destroyed.
A metal fish with a razor-sharp caudal fin.
A fiend guarding the treasures of the netherworld, it's most at home in the dark.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  That gleaming, golden buggy breaks bad guys good. What wonderful wheels! (With a bumbling buffoon....)
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Sizzling soldier on a silver sublight speedjet. Can't track her, can't see her, can't escape that lightspeed laser.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Cool iron bodies meet burning metal machines and man/machine combine. Burn up the soul - Metalfoes Fusion!!
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Set 1 "Metalfoes" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Roasting red rockets boost its blazing, bright-blast burners to liquified lava levels. Vanquisher of the Vanisher!
Usually visible despite its phantom existence.
This dragon appeared from the sky and crashed to the earth.
This monster only appears when a midnight tribute is made.
A machine soldier that was developed as a guard. It is made of rust-proof metal.
A dragon warrior of the moon armed with a crescent sword.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can roll a six-sided die and reduce this card's Pendulum Scale by the result (min. 1), until the end of this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  The taste of victory will bowl you over.
For nearly a millennium, this golem has served as guardian of an ancient treasure trove.
A famous shield said to belong to an ancient Egyptian Pharaoh. Legends tell of its power to block any strong attack.
A rock warrior that wields a heavy blade carved from stone.
A missile-launching fish protected by deadly spikes.
Descendant of a family that has served as Mist Valley watchman over the generations. Never missed a single thing that happened in the valley, no matter how minute.
An outcast angel. Nobody knows what he is thinking at all. Sometimes he gets mad and that is dreadful.
A giant born from magma, it attacks with a magma punch.
A further step in the evolutionary chain, it is much more powerful than "Larvas".
A warrior hidden within an egg that attacks enemies by flinging eggshells.
A master of monsters that exercises control over several creatures.
Few have set eyes on this dive-bombing bird and lived to tell the tale.
Protected by a spiked shell, this turtle has a very nasty disposition.
Many have fallen victim to this lunar warrior's crescent pike.
A strange fiend with long arms and razor-sharp talons.
A tough warrior that can move smoothly on even the roughest terrain.
This seemingly mild-mannered creature has an extremely volatile temper.
A fairy of the arts that is unbeatable on the harp.
Found in humid regions, this creature attacks enemies with a lethal rain of poison spores.
This monster twists reality and reaches between dimensions to attack its enemies.
Mysterious living matter that suddenly appeared from a different dimension. Its attack paralyzes the target's nerves, and causes intense hallucinations.
Nothing can stop the mad attack of this powerful creature.
Half man and half horse, this monster is known for its extreme speed.
A mystical chain that binds enemies, rendering them immobile.
A delicate elf that lacks offense, but has a terrific defense backed by mystical power.
A monstrous sheep with a long tail for hypnotizing enemies.
A soul of light covered by mystical shine. When you see its beautiful shape, your dream will come true.
A fiend that wields a mean sickle and fires devastating beams from its eyes.
The one-eyed Necrolancer launches his onslaught from a dimensional ring that can appear out of thin air.
A pussycat-fairy. Contrary to her lovely beauty, she claws on her enemies.
A fast and lethal creature with very dangerous claws.
A child-like creature that controls a sleep fiend to beckon enemies into eternal slumber.
The true nature of this wizard, who rules all water. It defends itself with a vast, impenetrable wall of ice.
A huge bug-like monster said to come from another planet. It gathers in swarms.
A dimensional drifter who not only practices sorcery, but is also a sword and martial arts master.
A lizard warrior protected by a hide of very tough emerald scales.
A creature that generates nightmares to haunt an opponent, it attacks with four poisonous tails.
A Ninja dog who has mastered extreme Ninjutsu. Through hard training, it learned the technique to metamorphose into a human being.
Swallows enemies whole and uses their essence as energy.
No one shall ever know the truth behind That fateful day. Artorigus went forth To where the brilliant sword didst lay. 'Twas the first of many feats so great, A legend through and through. We sing of him, Artorigus, the Noble and the brave. -From the Tales of the Noble Knights
An ill-mannered field varmint that will sink its teeth into anything.
With the head of a fish and the legs of an octopus, this strange creature attacks enemies by flinging spears.
Frightening in appearance, this creature uses its large eyes and ears to keep track of any movement.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  If an "Odd-Eyes" card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY. You can only use this effect of "Odd-Eyes Arc Pendulum Dragon" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Made from miracles, this valiant and beautiful dragon has gleaming eyes that reflect an arc drawn in the sky.
An ogre possessed by the powers of the dark. Few can withstand its rapid charge.
He's one of the Ojama Trio. It's said that he butts in by any means necessary. It's also said that when the three are together, something happens.
He's one of the Ojama Trio. It's said that he butts in by any means necessary. It's also said that when the three are together, something happens.
He's one of the Ojama Trio. It's said that he butts in by any means necessary. It's also said that when the three are together, something happens.
This dangerous creature brandishes a soul-sucking sword.
This dragon wears a shield not only for its own protection, but also for ramming its enemies.
An armored tank possessed by a fiend that will pursue enemies until they're crushed.
They are oppressed, but believe they will have their freedom someday.
A one-eyed giant that serves the "Dark Ruler Ha Des", it skewers its enemies with its sharp horn, shattering them to pieces.
None have lived to tell tales of this powerful battle fairy.
A strange warrior from another dimension.
An all-terrain armored vehicle armed with a heavy-duty machine gun.
With skin tinged a bluish-white, this strange creature is a fearsome sight to behold.
A dragon from the cartoons that's more dangerous than it appears to be.
A large peacock that launches its feathers in a lethal attack.
A horrible torture machine with a large pendulum blade.
Although they always suffer in silence, they swear an oath to inevitably revolt.
A quick-moving and tiny fairy that's very difficult to hit.
A very small dragon known for its vicious attacks.
This small but deadly creature is better off avoided.
A ferocious serpent that was being hunted by Atlanteans. Battle-weary and ragged, it came upon an ancient light, and gained new strength for its battle. With its increased power, it launched an invasion of enemy territory with a renewed assault.
A sorcerer that can paralyze an enemy with a single curse.
A vengeful spirit made up of many restless souls.
A legendary monster that dwells secretly in the mountains, fighting with the harpies over hunting grounds. A single wingbeat is said to cause the fiercest of storms.
An apparition of those said to formerly serve the Pharaoh. It has tremendous loyalty that does not waiver.
The mummy of a soldier that has been guarding the royal family for thousands of years. Even now, its spirit does not allow anybody to trespass.
A not-so-powerful servant, he is an errand boy of a master sorcerer.
Potato and Chips always get along. They always idle in their room eating potato chips. Consommé​ punch ones are delicious too. Norishio ones are delicios too. Potato and Chips' delicious life.
This creature is shielded with a tough hide of hair and is excellent at defending itself.
This crystalline monster focuses light to create a lethal laser.
While the king is away, this queen protects his throne with a mighty defense.
Ancestral species found in electronic space. No one knows how much information it holds.
A Psychic soldier that rides into battle against the Security Forces on currents of lightning, using an automatic amplifier called "PSY-Frame".
An amphibian with a myriad of powers to shield it from enemy attacks.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. During the End Phase, if you Tribute Summoned this turn: You can draw a number of cards equal to the number of "Qli" monsters you Tributed for Tribute Summons this turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Unhandled exception at 0x1i-666 in qliphort.exe: Access violation writing location 0x00-000Continue, ignoring this error? &lt;Y/N&gt;...[ ]Xlmgzxg drgs gsv Hzxivw Givv rh uliyrwwvm. Gsv hxlfitv szh yvvm fmovzhsvw.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  You cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Qli" monsters. This effect cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can pay 800 LP; add 1 "Qli" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Qliphort Scout".  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Booting in Replica Mode…  An error has occurred while executing C:\sophia\zefra.exe  Unknown publisher.  Allow C:\tierra\qliphort.exe ? <Y/N>…[Y]  Booting in Autonomy Mode…
This monster attacks enemies using its huge beak.
Queen of the Emerald Forest and wife of the Spirit King, she lives surrounded by vivid red leaves.
This knight catches her opponents off guard, dominating them with swift yet graceful attacks.
It's a snowfield-dwelling, giant-ear-sporting, super-acoustic, snowball-shaped mutant dragon! There's no way anybody can escape.
A reticent mermaid who appears only on very rare occasions. She emerges only when a large rainbow arches across the sky.
The Sun and the North Wind join hands to deliver a devastating combination of heat and gale-force winds.
A mermaid archer that hides in a protective shell, waiting for the right moment to strike.
A ferocious dragon with a deadly attack.
His renowned athletic physique has made him famous with the populace of Dark World. They call him "Iron Wall Renge" because no one can break through his incredible defenses.
Armed with the Sword of Crimson Flames, this warrior can bind a monster with fiery restraints.
A forbidden right arm sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
A forbidden right leg sealed by magic. Whosoever breaks this seal will know infinite power.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; increase its Level by 1 (even if this card leaves the field).  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  A kindly elder brother, Risebell takes good care of his little sister Saambell. He reads a Magical Book with his sister each early-afternoon, a harmonious routine that brings a smile to everyone.
A warrior fully covered with metal. It upgrades by fusing with "Roboyarou".
The Commander of Machine-Types, he serves the Machine King. He is famous for the way he controls his troops.
A warrior fully covered with metal. It upgrades by fusing with "Robolady".
Protected by a solid body of rock, this monster throws a bone-shattering punch.
A golem formed by boulders, this monster turns its enemies to stone and crushes them to dust.
A fairy of boulders that looks like an earthenware statue. It is quite strong in terms of both attack and defense.
A deadly doll gifted with mystical power, it is particularly powerful when attacking against dark forces.
An amphibian capable of calling up a massive tidal wave from the dark seas to wipe out enemy monsters.
A mechanized soldier created to protect royalty.
With an axe in each hand, this monster delivers heavy damage.
A very elusive creature that looks like a harmless statue until it attacks.
A gargoyle enhanced by the powers of darkness. Very sharp talons make it a worthy opponent.
A vicious little dragon sheltered in an egg that looks deceptively harmless.
This normally gentle dinosaur enjoys relaxing in its nest in the prairies. If it becomes angered, it turns terribly ferocious.
This clown appears from nowhere and executes very strange moves to avoid enemy attacks.
Appears from underground and attacks with long, snake-like tentacles.
Soldiers equipped with state-of-the-art weaponry to face unknown creatures.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  When a monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Sea Dragoons of Draconia" once per turn.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Silently creeping in from the deep sea, elite black ops marine troops of the Draconia Empire wage an endless battle against the hated Principality of Dinon on the sea's opposite shores.
A merciless monster that tears opponents to shreds with razor-like claws.
Protected by a tough shell, this master of the sea attacks its enemies with toxic bubbles.
A warrior who defends the world of the Sea of Darkness. He prides himself on his fighting prowess both on the ground and, of course, in the water.
One of the few people who has a good command of Talismans. His history is a mystery.
This wizard worships the darkness, and is served by a sinister hand that drags its enemies into oblivion.
A mystical dragon that burns away the unworthy with its mystic flames.
An unstoppable savage that carries Millennium Items.
A merman warrior that relentlessly attacks those who pollute the seas with their presence.
A snake with a single eye that blows an icy breath to freeze its opponents.
A dragon created from the soul of a wicked knight.
Powerful in groups, this animal spirit can be found in the wastelands.
A bow tie with horrible power, it attacks an opponent by controlling others.
This monster employs the powers of both Light and Darkness.
The peacemaker among monsters.
Armed with a pair of shovels, this monster will destroy anything that stands in its way.
A snow wolf that's beautiful to the eye, but absolutely vicious in battle.
A lost dog that wandered off 1000 years ago. He's still waiting for his master to come for him.
A pirate ship that appears out of the mist and sinks any seagoing vessels.
This monster swoops down and attacks with a rain of knives stored in its wings.
A skeletal ghost that isn't strong but can mean trouble in large numbers.
Foist he's gonna grab yer monstah wit' his claws, den attack again wit' his poizin stingah!
A flying dragon with four wings housing some very dangerous blades.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Once per turn, when a Normal Monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  Rumored as being formed to invade the neutral, floating Sky-State of Cxulub, these mounted air troops of the Draconia Empire have prompted bordering nations to strengthen their security.
With eyes like a hawk and a flying speed exceeding Mach 5, this monster is a master of the sky.
A ferocious animal that sleeps all day. Sometimes it's better to let Sleeping Lions lie.
A slime with the head of a frog, it attacks by croaking terribly.
The machine's ability is said to vary according to its slot results.
This monster is formed by several serpents that break off to individually attack nearby enemies.
Apparently totally unreliable, he wonders if he has incredible potential.
This beast-warrior swings a massive scythe that feeds on the souls of the slain.
A duck which can walk at a sonic speed. Sometimes, he cannot deal with his incredible pace and loses control.
A maiden that uses sound to her advantage, she wields a scythe that's shaped like a musical note.
A slave of the dark arts, this sorcerer is a master of life-extinguishing spells.
The soul of a tiger that is said to devour human souls. He is a famous soul that you wouldn't want to run into in a dark alley.
A living wonder of mystery.
A wicked spirit created by the hateful souls of those who fell in battle. It grows by assimilating the souls of its enemies.
A Space Mambo floating in the vast universe. This living relic was found in the ruins of a super civilization on Alphard 4.
Many have been deceived by the beauty of this vampire.
Using the spikes sprouting from its body, this creature stabs its opponents and floods them with electricity.
A mechanical soldier created by a wicked sorcerer, it attacks with the two steel balls attached to its arms.
A very fast, bipedal snail with a pair of lethal arms.
When huge whirlpools lay cities asunder, it is the hunger of this sea serpent at work. No one has ever escaped its dreaded Spiral Wave to accurately describe the terror they experienced.
This wise spirit dwells in books, using its accumulated knowledge to defeat enemies.
A spirit that soothes the soul with the music of its heavenly harp.
An elderly magician that raises mountains with his flute.
A free-spirited wind elemental that flits about as it desires. It brings storms when it becomes upset.
A steel idol worshipped in the Land of Machines.
A mechanized iron doll with tremendous strength.
Dis stone crittah's got rock-hahd fur. Dat gives him some really good dee-fense!
A dragon formed by huge boulders that are also used to attack the enemy.
With a head that erupts when angered, this monster launches a dangerous shower of boulders.
A behemoth shaped by giant boulders.
It may look like a harmless stuffed animal, but its zipper mouth deals a deadly bite.
A warrior wizard adept in casting bone-chilling spells.
A fiend with dark powers for confusing the enemy. Among the Fiend-Type monsters, this monster boasts considerable force.  (This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.)
A cute little elf that hides in the shadows and provides spiritual support.
All data crushed by this network warrior's hammer is irretrievably compressed.
This Jurrasic juggernaut has a spine covered in sword-like plates, and a tail to split open skulls.
A lethal engine of destruction that wields two well-honed blades.
An amateur with a sword, this fairy warrior relies on its mysterious powers.
A monster formed by the vengeful souls of those who passed away in battle.
This two-headed creature spits laser blasts at its enemies.
A member of a race of sea serpents that freely travels through the sea.
This bird is known far and wide as a harbinger of doom.
Master of Yin and Yang, this wizard handles a delicate balance of spells and counter spells.
A bizarre monster with the torso of a horse and a fish's tail. It gallops through the sea as if it were the wind.
A mysterious temple of skulls and bones that pulls in unsuspecting enemies.
An adorable fairy that celebrates the gift of love.
A carnivorous plant that has an outgrowth of tentacles. It attacks someone nearby by extending its tentacles.
Known as a swamp dweller, this creature is a minion of the dark forces.
A feared salmon, master of the Sea of Darkness. Its roe is the best delicacy in the World of Darkness.
A monster that feeds on the energy of other creatures.
A zombie that suddenly appeared from plot #13 - an empty grave.
A proud ruler of the jungle that some fear and others respect.
An elegant thief with a black cloak that charms its enemies.
A huge dragon dwelling in a cave. It is horrible when it gets angry, although it is usually quiet. It is said to preserve certain treasures.
A bipedal eyeball that seldom misses an enemy with its lethal talons.
This gentlemanly creature is extremely wicked, feared by man and fiend alike.
Grand King of the Seven Seas, he's able to summon massive tidal waves to drown the enemy.
This monster feeds on the dreams of an unwary sleeper, dragging the victim into eternal slumber.
Wearing odd fashions, this gentleman is very fickle. He sometimes saves people and at other times commits crimes.
An all-powerful hand that delivers ruthless attacks.
This monster melts away to materialize under its enemies, taking them by surprise.
A portrait cursed by the artist, it is said to bring ill fortune to anyone who owns it.
A shadow that dwells in the dark, paralyzing its opponents and rendering them harmless.
A monster with a head of poison snakes. One look from this monster can turn an opponent to stone.
A stone monument from Easter Island that launches laser blasts from its rock-hewn lips.
This monster melts its way underground to attack enemies from below.
A monster that wanders the edges of the netherworld.
A wicked entity that controls the hearts of men, its thousand eyes are able to see and expand the negative influences in an individual's soul.
A three-headed nocturnal monster that is absolutely ruthless when fighting.
A pair of friendly skeletons, lean and fat, that travel with extreme difficulty.
This monster stores electricity within his body, and can unleash it with catastrophic power.
A fast and powerful axe-wielding beast-warrior.
A hermit frog that has been in existence for thousands of years, it attacks with tadpoles.
An agile monster that rolls up to ram its opponents.
Small but vicious, this monster even attacks its own kind.
This monster captures other fish with its long tongue and sucks the energy out of them.
An alligator monster straight from the cartoons.
Although a poor defender, this monster's sharp horn gives it an edge when attacking.
A tiger-striped dragon that is often seen racing across the wasteland at tremendous speeds.
A peculiar magician with considerable abilities. Supposedly, he's just returned from a trip to outer space.
A guardian of the woods, this massive tree is believed to be immortal.
An unworthy dragon with three sharp horns sprouting from its head.
This fiend passes judgment on enemies that are locked in coffins.
This creature attacks with electromagnetic waves.
An unusual turtle that not only swims at tremendous speed, but can also sail across the skies.
A cunning raccoon protected by a solid turtle shell, it attacks with deception.
A tiger encased in a protective shell that attacks with razor-sharp fangs.
A strange, one-eyed monster that can fell an enemy with a single stab of its spear.
An amphibious creature with two whip-like tails.
With whip-like arms, this creature can attack enemies from a distance.
Two dragons fused as one from the effects of the Big Bang.
A powerful monster whose two heads attack as one.
A dinosaur with two deadly jaws, it stores electricity in its horn and releases high voltage bolts from the mouth on its back.
Capable of firing cannonballs from its mouth for long-range attacks, this creature is particularly effective in mountain battles.
A crimson dragon that spits fireballs to create a blazing sea of fire.
The third of the brothers, following Tricular and Bicular.
The people that gather to swear to fight their oppressors. A revolution is coming.
The speed of this warrior creates an intense vacuum that can slice through a monster's hide.
Fast on its feet, this dinosaur rips enemies to shreds with its sharp claws.
A bull fiend restored by the dark arts, this monster appears out of a jar.
This ace fighter is unbeatable in a dogfight. It combines with other monsters to launch an array of encircling attacks.
[ Pendulum Effect ]  Negate all card effects in your opponent's Pendulum Zones.  ----------------------------------------  [ Flavor Text ]  This Overlord overran an entire world with his army of Dracofiends, using his Dragon Alchemy to convert all life into his terrible minions. The source of this power is unidentified, and probably extra-dimensional.
Hard scales cover all parts of this gigantic cobra. It hunts by shooting large amounts of venom, but because of its large size, its attack pattern is easily predicted.
This monster can call forth sudden torrents of battering rain.
This lady warrior with unquenchable bloodlust serves the forces of darkness.
This mutated mouse dwells in the core of active volcanoes. No amount of heat is too much for it to bear.
This wicked Beast-Warrior does every horrid thing imaginable, and loves it! His axe bears the marks of his countless victims.
The warrior who can manipulate dragons. Nobody knows his mysterious past.
A wandering warrior who seeks the sanctuary where he can gain the power of the Archlords. To escape the temptation of evil fiends, he fights solo day by day.
A sea-dwelling spirit that takes away sight by clouding the area in fog.
A lovely lady who can launch water projectiles that turn into lethal ice spikes before they reach an opponent.
This monster swamps an opponent with an almost endless supply of water.
Transforms the water overflowing from a jar into attacking dragons.
A water fairy that is said to be able to summon a giant sea serpent.
Capable of indefinite flight. Attacks by wrapping its body with electricity and ramming into opponents. IMPORTANT: Capturing the "Wattaildragon" is forbidden by the Ancient Rules and is a Level 6 offense, the minimum sentence for which is imprisonment for no less than 2500 heliocycles.
A creature that electrocutes opponents with bolts of lightning.
This creature controls weather and is often the cause of mountain storms.
A spirit that controls rain and is capable of summoning hurricanes to blow the enemy away.
Attacks from the skies with a whip-like tail.
A white dolphin with a horn that summons huge tidal waves.
The proudust of them all.
A two-headed dragon with a pair of jaws that can tear an enemy to shreds.
A rabid rabbit that shears through opposition with its sharp skewers.
This flying creature never misses its intended target.
This fairy in an eggshell uses massive wings to blow back almost any projectile attack.
Few can withstand the scythe-like arms of this dangerous creature.
A dragon commonly found guarding mountain fortresses. Its signature attack is a sweeping dive from out of the blue.
This monster's wings are capable of generating tornadoes.
Legend has it that this creature can foretell the birth of children.
Crimson wings of fire make this a very lethal creature.
A six-winged fairy who prays for peace and hope.
Dressed in a night-black tuxedo, this creature presides over the darkness.
Dis alpha wolf yoozes his sense a smell ta find da enemy. 'ey, quit sniffin at my socks!
Once it has started battle, this monster attacks fiercely and cannot stop.
A creature with a wicked smile and a lethal sickle.
A living corpse of wood re-animated by the power of darkness.
The new form of the enigmatic Inpachi, remodeled by cutting-edge Dark World technology. Maneuverability has been sacrificed for strong armor, which is considered more important.
Once this monster wraps itself around a victim, there is no escape.
A fish with arms, legs, and some very sharp teeth.
A harmless monster found lurking in just about any attic.
A monster with a mighty cannon barrel, it is able to integrate its attacks. It attacks in many ways by combining and separating with other monsters.
A female X-Saber Warrior, known for her graceful attacks and calm decision making in battle. Her ambition is merciless, and strikes fear in the hearts of her enemies.
A cubical machine equipped with cutting blades for shredding an opponent to mincemeat.
This monster has three fire-breathing heads and can form a sea of blazing flames.
A dragon conjured from the very scroll in which it was depicted.
A treasure box containing a monster that attacks any unwary bandit.
An intelligent palm tree that drops a hail of rock-hard coconuts on its enemies.
An extremely long snake that dwells in the world of myth.
His swiftly drawn blade delivers quick and fatal damage.
A lethal crawfish with extremely dangerous claws.
A monster whose full potential can be achieved when outfitted with "Metalmorph".
The two are so close  They die and return to life  Inseparable
The name of this illustrious knight is known by all residents of Dark World. He never oppresses the commoners.
