During each of your Standby Phases, put 1 A-Counter on 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.
Each time an A-Counter(s) is removed from play by a card effect, place 1 A-Counter on this card. When this card is destroyed, distribute the A-Counters on this card among face-up monsters.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; send 1 "Alien" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, place A-Counters on that monster equal to the Level of the sent monster. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Alien" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Select 1 face-up "Alien" monster you control. Destroy it and distribute new A-Counters equal to its Level among your opponent's face-up monsters.
If you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Melodious" monster from your hand or Deck. You can only activate 1 "1st Movement Solo" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Melodious" monsters.
When there are 3 face-up "7" cards on your side of the field, draw 3 cards from your Deck. Then destroy all "7" cards. When this card is sent directly from the field to your Graveyard, increase your Life Points by 700 points.
Activate this card by choosing ATK or DEF; equip only to a Machine-Type monster. It gains 700 ATK or DEF, depending on the choice.
(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.) If a Level 8 or higher monster under your control was sent to the Graveyard this turn: Special Summon 1 "Berserk Dragon" from your hand or Deck.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 card in your Graveyard; return that target to the top of your Deck.
If you control no face-up monsters: Pay half your LP; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck.
(This card's name is always treated as "Umi".)  All WATER monsters on the field gain 200 ATK/DEF. Reduce the Level of all WATER monsters in both players' hands and on the field by 1.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: Special Summon from your hand, 1 monster with an original Level of 10 or lower that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set, ignoring its Summoning conditions. It is unaffected by the effects of your cards, except for its own effects and this card's, also shuffle it into the Deck during your opponent's next End Phase. For the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters, and your opponent takes no damage.
Return 1 Level 5 or higher Dragon-Type monster you control to the hand, and if you do, destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
Fusion Summon 1 Cyberse Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If you use your "@Ignister" monster as Fusion Material, you can also use up to 1 Link Monster your opponent controls as material. You can only activate 1 "A.I. Love Fusion" per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Cyberse Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute "@Ignister" monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If you control an "@Ignister" monster at activation, you can also banish "@Ignister" monsters from your GY.
Target 1 "@Ignister" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters. When an attack is declared involving 2 monsters: You can banish this card from your GY and 1 card from your hand, then target 1 of your "A.I." Spells/Traps that is banished or in your GY, except "A.I.dle Reborn"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "A.I.dle Reborn" once per turn.
Add 1 "Unchained" card from your Deck to your hand. If this Set card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Abomination's Prison" once per turn.
Add 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your Deck to your hand, then you can apply this effect. ● Fusion Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your hand or your side of the field. You can only activate 1 "Absorb Fusion" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except "Gem-Knight" monsters.
You can reveal 1 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster and 1 "Abyss Script" Spell in your hand; add 1 "Abyss Script" Spell from your Deck to your hand with a different name from that revealed Spell. While you control a Pendulum Summoned "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster, your opponent's activated monster effect becomes "Destroy 1 Set Spell/Trap your opponent controls". You can only use each effect of "Abyss Playhouse - Fantastic Theater" once per turn.
The first time each "Abyss Actor" monster you control would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; your opponent cannot target it with card effects until the end of their turn (even if this card leaves the field). If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can return all cards your opponent controls to the hand.
You can Tribute 1 "Abyss Actor" monster, then target 1 "Abyss Script" Spell in your GY; Set it to your field. You can use this effect of "Abyss Script - Abysstainment" up to twice per turn. If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can Special Summon any number of "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters from your Deck.
Target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; this turn, every monster that battles it, but is not destroyed, returns to the hand at the end of the Damage Step. If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; place it on top of the Deck.
Target 1 "Abyss Actor" monster you control; if it destroys your opponent's monster by battle this turn, your opponent banishes 3 monsters from their Extra Deck (their choice). If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can look at your opponent's Extra Deck, also banish 1 monster from their Extra Deck. You can only use this effect of "Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair" once per turn.
Gain 500 LP for each "Abyss Actor" monster you control. If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can draw until you have 5 cards in your hand. You can only use each effect of "Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony" once per turn.
Target face-up cards on the field, up to the number of Attack Position "Abyss Actor" monsters with different names you control; destroy them. If you control a Level 7 or higher "Abyss Actor" monster, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this card's activation. If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and you have a face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can add up to 2 "Abyss Actor" cards and/or "Abyss Script" Spell Cards with different names from your Deck to your hand.
Return 1 “Abyss Actor” Pendulum Monster you control to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon from your Extra Deck 1 face-up “Abyss Actor” Pendulum Monster with a different original name from that monster. If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect, and you have a face-up “Abyss Actor” Pendulum Monster in your Extra Deck: You can Set any number of “Abyss Script” Spells directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zones. You can only activate 1 “Abyss Script - Romantic Terror” per turn.
Equip only to a "Mermail" monster. It gains 800 ATK. When a Trap effect that was activated on your opponent's side of the field resolves, negate that effect, then send this card to the Graveyard.
Equip only to a "Mermail" monster. It gains 400 ATK. When a monster effect that was activated on your opponent's side of the field resolves, negate that effect, then send this card to the Graveyard.
Equip only to a "Mermail" monster. It gains 800 ATK. When a Spell effect that was activated on your opponent's side of the field resolves, negate that effect, then send this card to the Graveyard.
Pay 1000 Life Points. Declare a Type and an Attribute. Your opponent must send 1 monster with both the declared Type and Attribute from their hand or Deck to the Graveyard.
If you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Accellight" per turn. You cannot Normal Summon/Set during the turn you activate this card.
Destroy all face-up Machine-Type monsters on the field.
All EARTH monsters lose 500 ATK and gain 400 DEF.
Discard 1 card; if a monster you currently control destroys an opponent's monster by battle this turn, that monster can make a second attack in a row. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can discard 1 Spell; Set this card to your Spell & Trap Zone.
This turn, any battle damage either player takes from battles involving 2 monsters is doubled. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can discard 1 Spell; Set this card to your Spell & Trap Zone.
Tribute 1 face-up Level 8 or higher monster you control; draw 2 cards.
You can Tribute 1 Level 5 or higher monster to Tribute Summon a Level 7 or higher monster.
Once per turn, during the End Phase of any turn in which you Tribute Summoned a monster(s): You can apply these effects, in sequence, based on the number of monsters you Tributed for Tribute Summons this turn. ● 1 or more: Destroy 1 Set card your opponent controls. ● 2 or more: Draw 1 card. ● 3 or more: Add 1 monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
All "Crystal Beast" monsters on the field and in the Graveyard become DARK. If "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" attacks, negate the effects of the attack target during that Battle Phase. During damage calculation, if a "Crystal Beast" monster you control battles and you would take damage: You can send 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; you take no Battle Damage from that battle.
Target 2 "Heraldic Beast" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon both those targets. Immediately after this card resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using those 2 monsters only.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any 1 Ritual Monster. You must also send Normal Monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard whose total Levels equal the Level of that Ritual Monster.
If there are no other cards on the field: Target 1 WATER or WIND monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
This card can only be activated during Main Phase 1. All monsters on both sides of the field that have been involved in damage calculation are destroyed during the End Step of the turn.
Select 1 "Blackwing" monster in your Graveyard. Take damage equal to the ATK of the selected monster, and add it to your hand.
Equip only to a Machine monster. When that attacking monster destroys your opponent's monster by battle: You can activate this effect; it can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. Your other monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
Draw 2 cards, then banish 1 DARK monster from your hand, or, if you do not have any in your hand, send your entire hand to the GY.
When a "Harpie Lady" or "Harpie Lady Sisters" you control is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Harpie" monster from your Deck with a different original name than the destroyed monster. If this card you control is destroyed by a "Harpie" card's effect or your opponent's card effect: Target 1 "Harpie" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Alluring Mirror Split" once per turn.
If you have no cards in your Pendulum Zones: Add 2 face-up "Magician" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Amazing Pendulum" per turn.
Take 1 "Amazoness" card from your Deck, except "Amazoness Call", and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Amazoness" monster you control; this turn, that monster can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each, also other monsters you control cannot attack. You can only activate 1 "Amazoness Call" per turn.
If an "Amazoness" monster attacks a monster with higher ATK, the attacking monster gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only.
Equip only to an "Amazoness" monster. Once per turn, that monster cannot be destroyed by battle. When the equipped monster attacks, after damage calculation, destroy the attack target.
Target 1 "Amazoness" monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; switch the original ATK of those targets until the end of this turn.
All "Amazoness" monsters gain 200 ATK. Once per turn, when an "Amazoness" monster is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Amazoness" monster from your Deck with a Level less than or equal to that "Amazoness" monster in the GY.
All "Amorphage" monsters on the field gain 100 ATK and DEF for each "Amorphage" card on the field. If a monster(s) in your hand or you control is Tributed, or destroyed by battle or card effect: You can add 1 "Amorphage" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Amorphage Infection" once per turn.
All "Amorphage" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. Up to twice per turn, if an "Amorphage" monster(s) you control is Tributed, draw 1 card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Tribute Pendulum Monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal 8, then Ritual Summon 1 "Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord" from your hand.
You can only equip this card to "Jinzo". As long as this card is equipped, the effects of Trap Cards controlled by the equipped monster's controller are not negated by the effect of the equipped monster. When this card is removed from the field, the equipped monster is destroyed. This card's activation and effect cannot be negated by any other card.
Equip only to a Normal Monster. If it battles a monster with a higher Level, the equipped monster gains 500 ATK x the difference in Levels (during that battle only). When this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can return it to the top of your Deck.
You must have this many "Crystal Beast" cards in your Spell & Trap Card Zone to activate and resolve these effects. ● 1+: This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. ● 2+: Once per turn (including the opponent's) you can halve the Battle Damage you take. ● 3+: During either player's turn, when a Spell/Trap Card is activated: You can send 1 "Crystal Beast" monster you control to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. ● 4+: Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can draw 1 card. ● 5: Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can target 1 "Crystal Beast" card in your Spell & Trap Card Zone; Special Summon that target.
When you activate this card, change any Defense Position monster(s) to face-up Attack Position. Flip Effects are not activated at this time. If a monster attacks, destroy it at the end of that turn's Battle Phase.
All "Ancient Gear" monsters gain 300 ATK. Each time a monster is Normal Summoned/Set, place 1 counter on this card. If you Tribute Summon an "Ancient Gear" monster face-up, you can Tribute this card instead, if the number of its counters is equal to or greater than the number of required Tribute(s).
While you control no monsters: Target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear Token" (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only use 1 "Ancient Gear Catapult" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If you control an "Ancient Gear" monster: Discard 1 card; Set 1 Spell Card directly from your Deck. This turn, that Spell Card cannot be activated.
Target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK.
Reveal 1 Level 5 or higher "Ancient Gear" monster from your hand, then banish a number of "Ancient Gear" monsters from your Graveyard, whose combined Levels are double the revealed monster's, and if you do, if you Normal Summon the revealed monster this turn, you must Normal Smmon it without Tributing.
Equip only to an "Ancient Gear" monster. At the end of the Damage Step, if the equipped monster battled a monster and is still on the field: Destroy the monster it battled.
During the turn they were Normal or Special Summoned, your opponent cannot target "Ancient Gear" monsters you control with card effects, and they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of "Ancient Gear" cards and effects. If this card is destroyed in the Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your hand or Graveyard, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Ancient Gear" monsters.
Fusion Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If you use "Ancient Gear Golem" or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" you control as Fusion Material, you can also use monsters from your Deck as material.
Equip only to an "Ancient Gear" monster. It gains 600 ATK. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Inflict 600 damage to your opponent.
Target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
If you have 9000 Life Points or more, you can pay 2000 Life Points to draw 2 cards.
Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher Normal Monster from your hand.
See the top 5 cards of your opponent's Deck. Return the cards to the Deck in the same order.
Each Player reveals 1 card from their hand. If one card is higher Level than the other, the card with the lower Level is sent to the Graveyard, and the player who revealed it takes 1000 damage. (Non-Monster Cards are treated as Level 0.)
At the start of the Battle Phase: For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, Spell/Trap Cards, and their effects, cannot be activated. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.
Target 1 face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK.
If an "Aquaactress" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: Your battling monster's ATK and DEF each become double its current ATK and DEF during that damage calculation only. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Aqua-Type monsters. You can only control 1 "Aquarium Lighting".
All WATER monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. All "Aquaactress" monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Aqua-Type monsters.
WATER monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle with a non-WATER monster. "Aquaactress" monsters you control are unaffected by your opponent's monster effects. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Aqua-Type monsters.
Each time a Spellcaster-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed face-up, place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 4). You can send this card and 1 face-up Spellcaster-Type monster you control to the Graveyard; draw 1 card for each Spell Counter that was on this card.
All Fiend-Type monsters you control gain 500 ATK. You can target 1 "Archfiend" monster you control; banish 1 other Fiend-Type monster you control, and if you do, Special Summon from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, 1 "Archfiend" monster with same Level as the targeted monster. You can only use this effect of "Archfiend Palabyrinth" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can pay 500 Life Points, then declare 1 card name; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is the declared card, add it to your hand. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard.
Send 1 Equip Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard to activate this card. If the equipped monster destroys a monster by battle, the controller of this Equip Card can add 1 monster with ATK equal to or less than the equipped monster from their Graveyard to their hand.
Target 1 face-up "Inzektor" card you control and 2 face-up cards your opponent controls; destroy them.
If you control a face-up "Ninjitsu Art" card: Destroy all face-up "Ninjitsu Art" cards you control, then draw 2 cards.
Once per turn, if you control an "Aroma" monster: You can gain 500 LP, also all monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF until the end of your opponent's next turn (even if this card leaves the field). If a face-up "Aroma" monster you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Gain 1000 LP.
If you Normal or Special Summon an "Aroma" monster(s): You can gain 1000 LP. When an opponent's monster declares an attack while your LP are lower than your opponent's: You can Special Summon 1 "Aroma" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Aroma Gardening" once per turn.
Declare 1 Type of monster. Any monster of the declared Type cannot declare an attack during the turn it is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned, or Special Summoned.
During the Battle Phase: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 monster. You can only activate 1 "Arrivalrivals" per turn.
Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, Set 1 "Artifact" monster directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone as a Spell Card. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: Your opponent skips their next Battle Phase. (You must have an "Artifact" monster in your Main Deck to activate this card.)
Target 2 "Artifact" monsters you control; immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using those 2 monsters only, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, monsters you control cannot attack, except "Artifact" monsters. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can reveal 1 Level 5 LIGHT monster in your hand; draw 1 card.
Once per turn, when a Ritual Monster(s) is Ritual Summoned: You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard that was Tributed for the Ritual Summon; add that target to your hand.
Select 1 face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control. Special Summon 1 "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck with a different name but equal ATK to the selected monster. During the End Phase of this turn, destroy the selected monster.
Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster that is the only monster you control. It gains 300 ATK. During your Main Phase 1, you can send this equipped card to the Graveyard to allow the equipped monster to attack twice during each Battle Phase this turn.
Tribute 1 Synchro Monster; Special Summon from your hand 1 "/Assault Mode" monster whose name includes the Tributed monster's. (This Special Summon is treated as a Special Summon with "Assault Mode Activate".) During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; Set 1 "Assault Mode Activate" directly from your hand or Deck, also it can be activated this turn. You can only use each effect of "Assault Mode Zero" once per turn.
Tribute 1 "/Assault Mode" monster. Inflict damage to both players equal to its Level x 200.
Remove from play 1 "Assault Mode Activate" from your Graveyard. Destroy all monsters you control and Special Summon 1 "/Assault Mode" monster from your Graveyard, ignoring its Summoning conditions. Its effect(s) is negated, and it cannot be Tributed. If it is removed from the field, remove it from play.
Return 1 "/Assault Mode" monster from your hand to the Deck. Draw 2 cards.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Metaphys" card from your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card. Once per turn, if your "Metaphys" card in its owner's possession is banished: Apply this effect depending on whose turn it is.  ● Your turn: All monsters on the field lose 500 ATK/DEF, except "Metaphys" monsters.  ● Opponent's turn: Change the battle positions of all monsters on the field, except "Metaphys" monsters.
If a monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, change that monster to face-up Attack Position at the end of the Damage Step if your attacking monster is Reptile-Type.
Once per turn, when the battle position of a Rock-Type monster you control is changed: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
If your opponent controls 3 or more monsters, they cannot declare an attack.
Psychic-Type Xyz Monsters on the field cannot be targeted by Spell/Trap effects. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster; add 1 "Heraldry" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Augmented Heraldry". You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this effect, except Psychic-Type Xyz Monsters and "Heraldic Beast" monsters (even if this card leaves the field).
Pay 1500 Life Points, then target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon that target on your side of the field in face-up Attack Position, and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.
(This card is always treated as an "Archfiend" card.) The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can Tribute 1 monster; place this card on the top of your Deck.
The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK, but its effects are negated. During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict 500 damage to the controller of the equipped monster.
Target 1 Beast-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, and if you do, all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls lose 200 ATK for each Beast, Plant, and Winged Beast-Type monster currently in your Graveyard, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Ayers Rock Sunrise" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Boss Rush" from your Deck to your hand. All "B.E.S." monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF, your opponent cannot target them with card effects, and they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "B.E.S." monster from your hand. If a "B.E.S." monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field: Place 1 counter on it.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 monster on the field; place that target on the top of the Deck.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 1500 ATK until the end of this turn.
Each time you take 1000 or more damage by your opponent's card effect or their monster's attack: Draw 1 card for every 1000 damage you took.
Target 1 Set card in the Spell & Trap Card Zone; reveal that target, force its activation if it is a Trap Card, then negate its effect if the activation timing is incorrect, and if you do, destroy it. (If it is not a Trap Card, return it face-down.) When this card resolves, shuffle it into the Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
If the equipped monster attacks a face-down Defense Position monster, it gains 1500 ATK during damage calculation only.
Add 1 "Darklord" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Banishment of the Darklords". You can only activate 1 "Banishment of the Darklords" per turn.
All monsters you control gain 200 ATK during your Battle Phase only.
Activate only if you control a face-up "Naturia" monster. Your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards this turn.
Equip only to a Normal Summoned/Set monster. It gains 1000 ATK. You take no battle damage from attacks involving it.
Pay 500 Life Points. Special Summon 1 "Batteryman" monster from your Graveyard.
When an attack is declared involving a Fusion Monster you control and an opponent's monster: That monster you control gains ATK equal to the ATK of the opponent's monster, until the end of the Damage Step. You can only activate 1 "Battle Fusion" per turn.
Remove from play 1 Tuner monster from your Graveyard. Target face-up monster you control gains ATK equal to the removed monster's ATK.
Target 1 Synchro Monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Waltz Token" with the current Type, Attribute, Level, ATK and DEF of that monster. Neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving this Token.
Send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Battlin' Boxing Spirits" per turn.
Apply these effects (in sequence), depending on the card types among the “Borrel” monsters on your field and in your GY, also, if you control a monster with 3000 or more ATK, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this card’s activation. You can only activate 1 "Bayonet Punisher" per turn.  • Fusion: Banish 1 monster your opponent controls.  • Synchro: Banish 3 random cards that are face-down in your opponent’s Extra Deck.  • Xyz: Banish 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls.  • Link: Banish up to 3 cards from your opponent’s GY.
If you do not control another "Beacon of White", and you have 3 or more "Blue-Eyes" monsters in your Graveyard: Target 1 of them; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated, also equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, banish the equipped  monster. Other monsters you control cannot attack, also if you have any number of "Blue-Eyes" monster(s) in your Graveyard, the equipped monster can attack up to that number of times during each Battle Phase.
A Beast-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Remove Spell Counters from your field to activate 1 of these effects;  ● 2 Counters: Return 1 "Mythical Beast" Pendulum Monster you control to the hand.  ● 4 Counters: Special Summon 1 face-up "Mythical Beast" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, then you can place 2 Spell Counters on it.  ● 6 Counters: Special Summon 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.  You can only activate 1 "Beast Magic Attack" per turn.
All monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each of your removed from play Beast-Type and Winged Beast-Type monsters.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Fiend's Mirror". You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal 6 or more.
Target 1 face-up monster you control (except a monster that is attacking directly); it gains 1000 ATK, also it cannot attack your opponent directly for the rest of this turn. During the End Phase of this turn, it loses 2000 ATK.
Remove from play 1 monster from your Graveyard. The ATK and DEF of 1 face-up "Winged Kuriboh" you control becomes equal to the ATK and DEF of that monster, until the End Phase of this turn.
When a monster you control inflicts 1500 or less damage to your opponent by a direct attack: Discard your entire hand (min. 1); excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Monster Card, send it to the Graveyard, and if you do that, inflict 500 damage to your opponent, then repeat this effect up to 7 more times or until you excavate a non-Monster Card. If a non-Monster Card is excavated, place it on the top of your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Berserker Soul" per turn.
The equipped monster gains 400 ATK. If the equipped monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When this card leaves the field, banish the equipped monster.
After this card's activation, it remains on the field, but destroy it during your opponent's 3rd End Phase. Tribute 1 Dinosaur-Type monster to activate this card; while this card is face-up on the field, you can Normal Summon Level 5 or higher Dinosaur-Type monsters without Tributing.
Destroy all face-up WATER monsters you control, then you can Special Summon WATER monsters from your hand, up to the number of monsters destroyed by this effect.
Reveal 3 cards from your Deck that each meets at least 1 of the criteria listed below, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to add to your hand, and you shuffle the rest into your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Bingo Machine, Go!!!" per turn.  ● "Blue-Eyes" monster.  ● Spell/Trap that specifically lists the card "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" or "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon", except "Bingo Machine, Go!!!".
If there is a face-up Xyz Monster on the field with a Synchro Monster as Xyz Material: Target 1 card on the field; banish that target, and if you do, draw 1 card.
If a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, except by the effect of "Black Garden": Halve its ATK, also you Special Summon 1 "Rose Token" (Plant-Type/DARK/Level 2/ATK 800/DEF 800) to its controller's opponent's side of the field, in Attack Position. (This ATK loss remains even if this card leaves the field.) You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard with ATK equal to the total ATK of all Plant-Type monsters on the field; destroy this card and as many Plant-Type monsters on the field as possible, then if the total ATK the destroyed monsters had on the field is equal to that target's ATK, Special Summon that target.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Relinquished". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 1 or more.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Black Luster Soldier". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Magician of Black Chaos". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.
The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
When a "Blackwing" monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field: You can add 1 "Blackwing" monster from your Deck to your hand with less ATK than that monster.
Send 1 "Blackwing" monster from your hand to the Graveyard to select 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls. Send that monster to the Graveyard.
You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; send 1 Pyro-Type monster with 500 or less ATK from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, destroy that target. You cannot declare an attack during the turn you activate this effect.
Each time card(s) are discarded from your hand to the Graveyard by the effect of a card controlled by your opponent, increase your Life Points by 1000 points.
Select 1 face-up Defense Position monster your opponent controls and 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control. The monster you control gains ATK equal to the opponent's monster's DEF, until the End Phase.
Select 1 face-up Attack Position monster on your opponent's side of the field and change it to Defense Position.
If a card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can destroy this card instead of destroying 1 of those cards. If a card(s) your opponent controls would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead of destroying 1 of those cards. You can only use each effect of "Blockout Curtain" once per turn.
Increase your Life Points by 400 points.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK and DEF until your next Standby Phase.
If you control "Dark Magician": Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your hand, Deck, or GY, then you can Set 1 "Dark Magic Attack", "Dark Burning Attack", "Dark Burning Magic", or "Dark Magic Twin Burst" directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone. You can only activate 1 "Bond Between Teacher and Student" per turn.
Tribute 2 "Duoterion" and 1 "Oxygeddon" in your hand and/or field; Special Summon 1 "Water Dragon" or "Water Dragon Cluster" from your hand, Deck, or GY. (This is treated as a Special Summon with the effect of "Bonding - H2O".) If "Water Dragon" or "Water Dragon Cluster" is sent from the field to your GY while this card is in your GY: Add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Bonding - D2O" once per turn.
Tribute 2 "Hydrogeddon" and 1 "Oxygeddon"; Special Summon 1 "Water Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
Discard 2 cards, then target 1 Trap in your GY; Set that target. It can be activated this turn. You can only activate 1 "Boogie Trap" per turn.
Change all face-up monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position. During the End Phase of this turn, flip as many face-down Defense Position monsters your opponent controls as possible face-up, then your opponent draws cards equal to the number of monsters flipped face-up by this effect.
Target 1 Zombie monster in your GY and 1 monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon the first target, also banish the second target.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position.
A Spellcaster-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Flip 1 face-down monster on the field into face-up Attack Position.
If the only face-up monsters on the field are 2 "Meklord" monsters: Draw 2 cards. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
All "Rokket" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF. You can activate 1 of these effects;  ● Special Summon up to 2 "Rokket" monsters with different names from your hand in Defense Position.  ● If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Special Summon "Rokket" monsters with different names from your GY in Defense Position, up to the difference.  You can only use this effect of "Boot Sector Launch" once per turn.
When this card is activated: You can target any number of "Gadget" Monster Cards you control that are equipped to a monster; Special Summon them. You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Boot-Up Admiral - Destroyer Dynamo" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Boot-Up Order - Gear Charge" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Boot-Up Order - Gear Charge" per turn.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, banish that monster. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster was destroyed: You can draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Borrel Regenerator" once per turn.
During the Standby Phase, if you control a "Borrel" Link Monster: You can target 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Borrel Supplier" once per turn.
You cannot Normal Summon or Set. During the End Phase of the turn that a "B.E.S." monster or a "Big Core" is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "B.E.S." monster or 1 "Big Core" from your Deck.
Equip only to a Spellcaster-Type monster that has a Level. It gains ATK equal to its Level × 100. If the equipped monster is destroyed by your opponent's card (by battle or card effect) and sent to the Graveyard, and this card is sent to the Graveyard as a result: You can Special Summon that monster.
If your attacking monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Target 1 card in your GY; add it to your hand, but for the rest of this turn you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name as the added card had once it was in your hand. You can only activate 1 "Bownty" per turn.
Pay 800 LP, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that can be Normal Summoned/Set; take control of that target until the End Phase.
Once per turn, you can Normal Summon 1 Psychic-Type monster in addition to your Normal Summon or Set. If successful, place 1 Psychic Counter on this card. You can also place 1 Psychic Counter on this card instead of paying Life Points to activate any Psychic-Type monster's effect that you control. When this card is removed from the field, the controller of this card takes 1000 damage for each Psychic Counter on it.
When a Fusion Monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of the Fusion Materials in your Graveyard that was used for its Fusion Summon; Special Summon it.
Equip only to a Machine-Type monster. When the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card. Destroy this card during your 3rd End Phase after activation.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Ritual Monster you control; reveal 1 Ritual Monster in your hand (keep it revealed until the end of this turn), and if you do, for the rest of the turn, the Level of that monster in your hand becomes the targeted monster's. Once per turn, if "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" and/or "Demise, King of Armageddon" is Ritual Summoned to your field: You can activate 1 of these effects.  ● Draw 1 card.  ● Destroy 1 card on the field.
Destroy all face-up Rock-Type monsters on the field.
When this card is activated: Fusion Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your Deck as Fusion Materials, but change its ATK and DEF to 0. If this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell Card; the monster Special Summoned by this card's effect gains ATK and DEF equal to its original ATK and DEF, until the end of your opponent's turn. You can only activate 1 "Brilliant Fusion" per turn.
The equipped monster gains 0 ATK.
Each "Performapal" and "Performage" monster you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effect once per turn. You take no battle damage from attacks involving "Performapal" and "Performage" monsters you control.
You can only equip this card to "Elemental Hero Bubbleman". Increase the ATK of the equipped monster by 800 points. If the equipped monster would be destroyed as a result of battle, destroy this card instead, and make the Battle Damage to the controller of the equipped monster 0.
You can only activate this card while there is a face-up "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" on your side of the field. During this turn, you can activate 1 Trap Card from your hand.
Target 1 face-up Attack Position "Elemental HERO Bubbleman" you control and 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls; change both those targets to Defense Position, then Tribute that 1 "Elemental HERO Bubbleman", then Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your hand.
All Insect-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. You can target 1 Insect-Type Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 Insect-Type monster from your hand to that monster as Xyz Material. You can only use this effect of "Bug Matrix" once per turn.
Target 1 Insect-Type Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Insect-Type monster that is 2 Ranks higher or lower than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can only activate 1 "Bug Signal" per turn.
At the start of your Main Phase 1, if your opponent controls more monsters than you do and you control a Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster: Until the end of your opponent's next turn, Spell/Trap Cards, and their effects, cannot be activated.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: Target 1 "Bujin" monster in your Graveyard and 1 of your banished "Bujin" monsters; Special Summon both targets. They cannot be used as Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, except for the Xyz Summon of a Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster.
Target 1 "Bujin" monster on the field; apply this effect to it for the rest of this turn. Each time it destroys a monster by battle whose current ATK is greater than or equal to the targeted monster's original ATK, and sends it to the Graveyard: Banish the destroyed monster, and if you do, banish all monsters from your opponent's hand, Main Deck, Extra Deck, and Graveyard with the same name that the destroyed monster had in the Graveyard.
If you control no other cards and have at least 1 other card in your hand: Shuffle all Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monsters from your Graveyard into the Deck (min. 1), and if you do, send your entire hand to the Graveyard (min. 1), then you can add up to 3 Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Bujinunity" per turn.
Each face-up monster your opponent controls loses 100 ATK x its own Level.
Target up to 3 banished monsters; return them to the Graveyard.
If you activate a "Bamboo Sword" card while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can skip your opponent's next Main Phase 1.
When this card is activated: If there are any Field Spell Cards on the field, destroy them. During each player's Standby Phase: The turn player takes 500 damage.
A FIRE monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.
If you control a face-up "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix": Return all face-up "Elemental HERO" monsters on the field to the hand, except "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix".
If you control "Blue-Eyes White Dragon": Destroy all monsters your opponent controls. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" cannot attack the turn you activate this card.
Only a monster with an ATK of 1000 points or less can be equipped with this card. During damage calculation, increase the ATK of the monster equipped with this card by 2500 points if the opponent's monster that battles it is in Attack Position and its ATK is 2500 or more, OR if the opponent's monster that battles it is in Defense Position and its DEF is 2500 or more.
The equipped monster gains 300 ATK. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard while equipped: You can return this card to the hand.
Target 3 Level 3 or lower Sea Serpent-Type monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon all 3 of them. You cannot Special Summon any other monsters during the turn you activate this card.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Zombie-Type monster from your hand. You must control no monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.
Target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; banish it, and if you do, until the end of the next turn, its effects are negated, as well as the activated effects and effects on the field of monsters with the same original name.
This card can only be activated at the start of Main Phase 1. During the Main Phases and Battle Phase of this turn, neither player can Summon monsters.
If a Rock-Type monster in Defense Position is attacked, double any Battle Damage to the controller of the attacking monster.
Look at up to 5 cards from the top of your Deck, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. You can Tribute Summon 1 monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set this turn. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
Each player discards their entire hand, then draws the same number of cards they discarded.
Draw until you have 3 cards in your hand, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, your opponent takes no damage. During the End Phase of this turn, send your entire hand to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Card of Demise" per turn. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this card.
When a monster is Special Summoned from your Graveyard, you can draw 1 card.
Banish all other cards you control and in your hand (min.1 from each); draw until you have 2 cards in your hand.
Each player chooses 1 card from their Deck, then chooses 4 random cards from their opponent's Deck, and if they do, each player shuffles the 5 cards chosen from their Deck, randomly shows 1 to add to their hand, also shuffles the rest back into their Deck. You can only activate 1 "Card of Spirit" per turn.
Look at your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand, whose sum of ATK and DEF equals your LP. You can only activate 1 "Card of the Soul" per turn.
Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard. Change the battle positions of all monsters your opponent controls. (Face-down Defense Position monsters are flipped to face-up Attack Position.)
Pay 300 Life Points to use this card's effect. Shuffle either your or your opponent's Deck. You can only use this effect during your own turn, once per turn.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can shuffle 1 card from your hand into the Deck; draw 1 card.
Banish 1 "Blackwing" monster from your hand; draw 2 cards. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Cards for Black Feathers" per turn.
Remove from play 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster in your hand and draw 2 cards. You cannot Special Summon or conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Discard 1 Dragon-Type Tuner monster with 1000 or less ATK; draw 2 cards.
Send 1 Level 7 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards, then you can send 1 Level 7 "Red-Eyes" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Cards of the Red Stone" per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Link Monster on the field; move it to a Main Monster Zone it points to on its controller's field. Once per turn: You can switch the locations of 2 Link Monsters in your Main Monster Zones or 2 Link Monsters in your opponent's Main Monster Zones.
Each turn, 1 Level 5 or higher Gemini monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing. During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 Gemini monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Once per turn: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish 1 Gemini monster you control, that is treated as an Effect Monster and has gained its effects, until your opponent's End Phase, and if you do, destroy that card.
Once per turn, if a monster you control would be destroyed by battle, you can send 1 Rock-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard instead.
Send 1 face-up monster you control to the Graveyard, whose original Type is Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast; Special Summon 1 monster from your Extra Deck with the same original Type, but it cannot attack, its effects are negated, also it is destroyed during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Cattle Call" per turn.
When this card is activated: Place 1 counter on this card. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Place 1 counter on this card. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects;  ● Gain 500 LP for each counter on this card.  ● Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each counter on this card.
All Wyrm-Type monsters gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can banish 3 Wyrm-Type monsters from your Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
Place 1 Level 6 monster from your hand or face-up from your field on the bottom of the Deck; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Celestial Observatory" per turn.
(This card is always treated as a "Noble Arms" card.) The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Guardian Eatos" you control; it gains 500 ATK for each banished monster.
Special Summon 1 Fairy-Type monster from your hand. That monster's ATK is halved, and it is destroyed during the End Phase.
When a Fusion Monster(s) is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Its owner targets 1 Fusion Material Monster in their Graveyard that is listed on that Fusion Monster; that player Special Summons that target.
Equip only to a Fairy-Type monster. It gains 500 ATK. If it inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Gain LP equal to the damage inflicted.
Each player must pay 500 Life Points per card to Normal Summon, Special Summon, Set or activate cards from his/her respective hand.
Activate only as Chain Link 2 or higher; inflict 400 damage to your opponent times the Chain Link number of this card. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in that Chain.
If you control 2 or more face-up Xyz Monsters: Target the one with the lowest Rank (your choice, if tied); Special Summon 1 Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, whose Rank is lower than that Xyz Monster, but the Special Summoned monster cannot attack directly, also return it to the Extra Deck during the End Phase.
Activate only as Chain Link 3 or higher. You can Normal Summon or Set up to 3 times this turn. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in that Chain.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase.
You can only activate this card if 7 or more of your cards are currently removed from play. Destroy all Monster Cards on the field.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Chaos" or "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field and/or banish "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" or "Dark Magician" from your Graveyard, whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the "Chaos" or "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.
You can only activate this card if 4 or more of your cards are currently removed from play and there are no cards in your Graveyard. Draw 2 cards.
If you control a Level 8 or higher Spellcaster-Type monster: Banish 1 card on the field face-down. If this card in its owner's Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Magician of Black Chaos" or "Dark Magician of Chaos" from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
If you control both LIGHT and DARK monster(s): You can target 1 of your banished LIGHT or DARK Warrior-Type monsters; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Chaos Seed" per turn.
Each time a monster(s) is banished, place 1 Chaos Counter on this card for each of those monsters. Once per turn: You can remove 4 or more Chaos Counters from your side of the field to target 1 banished monster with a Level equal to the number of Chaos Counters removed; Special Summon that target. When this card on the field is sent to the Graveyard by your opponent's card effect: You can add 1 LIGHT or DARK monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Chaos Counters that were on this card.
Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard; add 1 Level 4 or lower "Lightsworn" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Tribute 1 Archfiend monster on your side of the field. During this turn, 1 "Terrorking Archfiend" on your side of the field can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
The player with the lowest LP takes no damage. Once per turn, during the Main Phase: The turn player can pay 1000 LP, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Draw 1 card. ● Destroy this card. ● Your opponent gains 1000 LP. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
Each time your opponent Summons a monster(s), gain 300 LP. While your LP is 10000 or higher, your monsters cannot be destroyed by battle.
Increase the DEF of all Defense Position monsters by 500 points.
Select 1 Monster Card and 2 non-Monster Cards from your hand. Your opponent randomly selects 1 card among them. If it is a Monster Card, it is Special Summoned and send the remaining 2 cards to the Graveyard. If not, send all the cards to the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "Chronomaly" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Chronomaly" monster in your Graveyard with the same Level as the banished monster; Special Summon it.
All "Chronomaly" monsters you control gain 800 ATK.
Target 1 "Chronomaly" monster in your Graveyard; banish it, then look at the top 2 cards of your Deck, add 1 of them to your hand, and send the other to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Chronomaly Technology" per turn. You cannot Special Summon any monsters the turn you activate this card, except "Chronomaly" monsters.
The equipped monster gains 800 ATK for each other face-up monster on the field that has the same name it does.
Target 1 FIRE monster you control and 1 FIRE monster in your Graveyard; destroy that monster you control, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from your Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Circle of the Fire Kings" per turn.
During damage calculation, if your Attack Position monster battles an opponent's Attack Position monster with higher ATK: The controller of the battling monster with lower ATK can pay 500 LP for that monster to gain 500 ATK during damage calculation only, then keep repeating this effect until a player chooses not to pay LP. Neither player takes any battle damage from that battle, also, after damage calculation, if any player's monster would be destroyed by that battle, send all cards that player controls to the Graveyard instead.
During each of your End Phases, pay 500 Life Points or destroy this card. Each player receives certain effects, depending on the monster Attributes they control. ● LIGHT: Play with your hand revealed at all times. ● DARK: If you control 2 or more monsters, you cannot declare an attack. ● EARTH: During your Standby Phase: Target 1 face-up Defense Position monster you control; destroy it. ● WATER: During your End Phase: Discard 1 card. ● FIRE: During your End Phase: Take 1000 damage. ● WIND: You must pay 500 Life Points to activate a Spell Card.
During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: Place 1 Clock Counter on this card. While there are 4 or more Clock Counters on this card, you do not take any Battle Damage. When this card with 4 or more Clock Counters is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster" from your hand or Deck.
All Beast-Type monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each monster in your Graveyard. Field Spell Cards cannot be activated. Field Spell Cards cannot be activated during the turn this card is destroyed.
Discard 1 "Cloudian" monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; place Fog Counters on it equal to its own Level. You can banish this card and 1 "Cloudian" monster from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Cloudian" monster from your Deck. You can only use 1 "Cloudian Aerosol" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
During each of your Standby Phases, place 1 Fog Counter on every face-up monster.
Tribute 1 Insect monster from either field equipped with an Equip Card, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Insect monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Insect monster in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Cocoon of Ultra Evolution" once per turn.
Special Summon 1 "Chrysalis" monster from your Deck for each "Neo-Spacian" monster with a different name in your Graveyard.
You can Tribute 1 face-up "Chrysalis" monster you control to Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster written in the card text of that card from either player's Graveyard.
Each time a face-up "Alien" monster(s) is destroyed, place 1 A-Counter on this card. Once per turn, you can remove 2 A-Counters from anywhere on the field to Special Summon 1 "Alien" monster from your Graveyard.
You cannot activate, Set, or use the effects of any Spell/Trap Cards this turn.
This card can only be activated at the start of Main Phase 1. Until your next turn, you and your opponent cannot play or Set any Spell or Trap Cards.
Place 1 Counter on this card each time a monster is Special Summoned from either player's Deck. All "Gladiator Beast" monsters gain 100 ATK and DEF for each of these counters on this card. If this card would be destroyed by a card effect, you can discard 1 "Colosseum - Cage of the Gladiator Beasts" to prevent this card from being destroyed.
Target 1 monster in your Main Monster Zone; move that target to another of your Main Monster Zones.
During a Battle Phase, you can use this effect on 1 monster that has attacked this turn and is equipped with a Union Monster. Change the Union Monster back to a monster in face-up Attack or Defense Position. Also, the monster that was equipped with the Union Monster may attack again this turn.
If you control "Toon World", equip to an opponent's monster. Take control of it. It is treated as a Toon monster. If your opponent controls no Toon monsters, it can attack your opponent directly. If "Toon World" is not on the field, destroy this card.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Performance of Sword". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.
Select 1 face-up monster on the field. Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your hand to the same side of the field as the selected monster. The selected monster gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster that was Special Summoned by this effect. When this card is removed from the field, return the Special Summoned monster to its owner's hand.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains ATK equal to its current DEF, until the end of this turn. Other monsters you control cannot attack during the turn you activate this card.
Send "Gimmick Puppet" monsters with different names from your Deck to the GY, up to the number of monsters your opponent controls that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck +1. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Machine Xyz Monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects while face-up on the field. You can only use each effect of "Condolence Puppet" once per turn.
Pay 1000 Life Points. Look at your opponent's hand, select 1 card in it and discard that card.
The activation of LIGHT monsters' effects cannot be negated.
Once per turn, when a "Constellar" Xyz Monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 1 card.
Target 2 "Constellar" monsters in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
During your End Phase: You can target 2 "Constellar" Xyz Monsters you control that have Xyz Material; detach all Xyz Materials from both Xyz Monsters, and if you do, halve your opponent's LP. You can only use this effect of "Constellar Tempest" once per Duel. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target 1 "Constellar" Xyz Monster you control and 1 "Constellar" monster in your Graveyard; attach that monster from the Graveyard to that Xyz Monster as an Xyz Material.
Target 1 "Constellar" monster you control; increase its Level by 1 or 2. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Constellar" monster from your Graveyard; add this card from the Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Constellar Twinkle" once per turn.
Send all "Chrysalis" monsters you control to the Graveyard, and Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck that is written in the card text of those cards.
Banish 2 “Neo-Spacian” monsters with different names from your GY; Special Summon 2 “Neo-Spacian” monsters with different names from your hand, Deck, and/or GY, also, for the rest of this turn you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters.  If a face-up Fusion Monster that lists “Elemental HERO Neos” as material returns from your field to the Extra Deck: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 of your banished “Neo-Spacian” monsters.  You can only activate 1 “Contact Gate” per turn.
Return 1 "Neos" Fusion Monster you control to the Extra Deck. If all the Fusion Material Monsters listed on that Fusion Monster are in your Deck, you can Special Summon them.
Target 2 "Gusto" monsters in your Graveyard and 1 card your opponent controls; shuffle both targets in your Graveyard into the Deck, then destroy the opponent's target.
If you control a face-up WATER monster, activate 1 of these effects. If you control a face-up WATER Ritual Monster, you can activate both of these effects: ● Look at all Set cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones. ● Look at the 2 top cards of either player's Deck and return them to the top of the Deck in any order.
If the DEF of the attacked Defense Position monster on your side of the field is higher than the ATK of the attacking monster on your opponent's side of the field, destroy the attacking monster. Damage calculation is applied normally.
When this card is activated: Both players lose 1000 LP, and if they do, each draws 1 card. All cards that are drawn while this card's effect is applied must remain revealed. While a player's Spell Card in their hand is revealed by this effect, that player cannot Normal Summon/Set monsters. You can only activate 1 "Contract with Don Thousand" per turn.
If you have all 5 of "Exodia the Forbidden One", "Right Arm of the Forbidden One", "Left Arm of the Forbidden One", "Right Leg of the Forbidden One", and "Left Leg of the Forbidden One" in your Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Exodia Necross" from your hand.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any DARK Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Dark Master - Zorc". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.
Activate only while you control no monsters. Send 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your hand and 1 from your Deck to the Graveyard. Then draw 2 cards.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, both players must turn their respective Decks upside down and proceed with the current Duel.
Equip only to a "Koa'ki Meiru" monster. If it battles a LIGHT or DARK monster, destroy that monster without applying damage calculation. When the equipped monster is removed from the field and this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can return this card to your hand.
Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand and discard 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster to activate this card. Draw 2 cards.
All face-up "Koa'ki Meiru" monsters you control gain 500 ATK. Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can discard 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" to have all face-up "Koa'ki Meiru" monsters you control gain 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
Once per turn, you can discard 1 card to add 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your Deck to your hand.
Monsters that were Special Summoned from the Main Deck cannot activate their effects, their effects are negated, and they cannot declare an attack, as long as they remain face-up on the field.
Place 1 A-Counter on 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field.
Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; banish it.
Target 1 "Stardust" Synchro Monster you control; this turn, if that Synchro Monster you control battles an opponent's monster, shuffle that opponent's monster into the Deck at the start of the Damage Step. If a "Stardust" Synchro Monster you control would Tribute itself to activate its effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead.
Discard 1 card; until the End Phase, reduce the Levels of all monsters in your hand by 2 (even after they are Summoned).
Pay 500 Life Points. Remove all counters from the field.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Fairy-Type monster from your hand. You must control a face-up Level 1 Fairy-Type monster to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only activate the effect of one "Court of Justice" per turn.
Once per turn, when a monster(s) is sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect: Inflict 800 damage to the owner of the monster(s).
Each player can Special Summon 1 monster from their hand with the same Level as 1 face-up Level 4 or lower monster they control.
Each player gives their opponent control of 1 of their monsters (controller's choice). You must choose a face-up Normal Monster.
Each player chooses 1 monster they control and switches control of those monsters with each other. Those monsters cannot change their battle positions for the rest of this turn.
Banish 2 DARK monsters from your Graveyard; add 1 Level 4 DARK monster from your Deck to your hand.
Target 2 face-up Attack Position monsters you control with the same ATK; this turn, one of them can attack your opponent directly and the other cannot attack.
Banish 2 monsters from your hand and/or face-up from your field with the same original Type and Attribute but different names; add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand with the same original Type and Attribute as those monsters, but with a different name. You can only activate 1 "Cross Breed" per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls and 1 Warrior monster you control; equip that face-up opponent's monster to that monster you control, and if you do, your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving that monster you control until the end of this turn. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, destroy the monster equipped to it by this effect instead. You can only activate 1 "Cross Over" per turn.
Declare 1 card name; banish 1 card with that name from your Deck, and if you do, until the end of this turn, its effects are negated, as well as the activated effects and effects on the field of cards with the same original name. You can only activate 1 "Crossout Designator" per turn.
Target 1 "Crusadia" monster you control; this turn, that target is unaffected by card effects, except for its own effects. You can only activate 1 "Aubade Palladion" per turn.
All "Crusadia" Link Monsters on the field gain 500 ATK. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Palladion" Link Monster you control; this turn, that monster can attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each, also other monsters cannot attack.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of your "Crusadia" monsters' effects this turn.  ● After damage calculation, if your "Crusadia" Link Monster destroyed an opponent's monster by battle: You can draw cards equal to the Link Rating of that monster you control.  You can only activate 1 "Crusadia Testament" per turn.
Send 4 "Crystal Beast" cards from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard; send all cards on the field to the Graveyard, then Special Summon as many "Crystal Beast" monsters as possible from your Graveyard, up to the number of cards your opponent controlled that were sent to the Graveyard by this card's effect.
Special Summon 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck. You must have 2 or more "Crystal Beast" cards in your Spell & Trap Card Zone to activate and to resolve this effect.
Target up to 2 "Crystal Beast" monsters in your Graveyard; place those targets face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Cards.
Add 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand, and place 1 "Crystal Beast" monster with a different name from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Spell. You can only activate 1 "Crystal Bond" per turn.
Target 1 "Crystal Beast" card in your Spell & Trap Card Zone; Special Summon that target.
Equip only to a "Crystal Beast" monster. It gains 800 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can place 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card.
Each time a "Crystal Beast" monster(s) is placed in either player's Spell & Trap Card Zone: Place 1 Crystal Counter on this card. You can send this card to the Graveyard; take a number of "Crystal Beast" monsters from your Deck equal to the number of Crystal Counters that were on this card, then place those monsters face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Cards.
All "Crystron" monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Crystron" Synchro Monsters you Synchro Summoned this turn.
You take no battle damage from attacks involving your "Cubic" monsters. You can only use each of the following effects of "Cubic Dharma" once per turn.  ● During your Main Phase: You can send 1 "Cubic" card from your hand to the GY, and if you do, draw 1 card.  ● You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Cubic" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.
When this card is activated: You can target 1 "Cubic" monster you control, except "Vijam the Cubic Seed"; send any number of "Vijam the Cubic Seed" from your hand and/or Deck to the Graveyard, then that monster gains 800 ATK for each (even if this card leaves the field). During your opponent's turn, if "Vijam the Cubic Seed" is Special Summoned by the effect of a "Cubic" monster: Send this card to the Graveyard, and if you do, halve your opponent's LP. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Cubic" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Target 1 "Cubic" monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; the ATK of that monster you control becomes double its current ATK, and if it does, the ATK of that monster your opponent controls become half its current ATK. You can banish this card and any number of "Cubic" monsters from your Graveyard, then target face-up monsters your opponent controls equal to the number of those banished "Cubic" monsters; place 1 Cubic Counter on each of them. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.)
Send 1 face-up "Six Samurai" monster you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Six Samurai" monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Toss a coin: ● Heads: Draw 2 cards. ● Tails: Your opponent draws 2 cards.
Change the battle positions of all Attack Position monsters on the field to Defense Position and vice-versa. These positions cannot be changed during the turn this card is activated except by the effect of a Spell, Trap or Effect Monster Card. You can only activate this card during your Standby Phase.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "The Masked Beast". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more.
Each time a "Shaddoll" monster(s) is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect, place 1 Spellstone Counter on this card for each sent monster. All monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for each Spellstone Counter on this card during your opponent's turn only. Each time you Fusion Summon a "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster, you can remove 3 Spellstone Counters from this card to use 1 appropriate face-up monster your opponent controls as 1 of the Fusion Materials.
The equipped monster loses 600 ATK for each monster you control. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; equip it with this card.
The equipped monster gains 0 ATK. You can target 1 other "Bamboo Sword" card you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, the equipped monster can attack your opponent directly this turn. You can only use this effect of "Cursed Bamboo Sword" once per turn. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Bamboo Sword" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Cursed Bamboo Sword".
When the equipped monster is destroyed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, inflict damage to the player who controlled the equipped monster, equal to the monster's original DEF.
Add 1 LIGHT Machine monster that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set, or 1 "Cyber Dragon" monster, from your Deck to your hand. If the activation of this card in its owner's possession was negated by your opponent's card effect and sent to your GY: You can discard 1 card; add this card to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Cyber Emergency" per turn.
If "Cyber Dragon" is in your GY: You can activate 1 of these effects. If you have 3 or more "Cyber Dragon" in your GY at activation, you can activate both effects and resolve in sequence. You can only activate 1 "Cyber Repair Plant" per turn.  ● Add 1 LIGHT Machine monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● Target 1 LIGHT Machine monster in your GY; shuffle that target into your Deck.
Special Summon 1 "Cyber Dragon" from your hand or GY, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Equip only to "Harpie Lady" or "Harpie Lady Sisters". It gains 500 ATK.
Return 1 "Cyberdark Horn", "Cyberdark Edge" and "Cyberdark Keel" from your side of the field, hand, or Graveyard to your Deck. Special Summon 1 "Cyberdark Dragon" from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.)
"Cyberdark" Effect Monsters you control that are equipped with an Equip Card cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects, also your opponent cannot target them with card effects. You can target 1 "Cyberdark" monster you control; return it to the hand, then, immediately after this effect resolves, you can Normal Summon 1 "Cyberdark" monster. You can only use this effect of "Cyberdark Inferno" once per turn. If this card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 "Polymerization" Spell or "Fusion" Spell from your Deck to your hand.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster that lists a "Cyber Dragon" monster as material from your Extra Deck, by shuffling Fusion Materials in your possession listed on it into your Deck, that you control or are banished, but your other monsters cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Cyberload Fusion" per turn.
Pay half your LP; once, if you Fusion Summon a Machine Fusion Monster this turn, you can banish monsters from your hand, field, and/or GY as the Fusion Materials. You can only activate 1 "Cybernetic Fusion Support" per turn.
Select 1 face-up Machine-Type Fusion Monster you control and remove it from play until the End Phase of this turn. When that monster is returned to the field, double its ATK. During your next Standby Phase, destroy it.
Target 1 Link Monster your opponent controls; banish 1 monster from your GY that has the same Link Rating as that monster, and if you do, destroy that monster, then, if the original Type of the monster you banished was Cyberse, you can destroy 1 face-up card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" or "Demise, King of Armageddon". You must also Tribute monsters you control whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can shuffle this card from your GY into the Deck; add 1 "End of the World" from your Deck to your hand, then you can add 1 "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" or "Demise, King of Armageddon" from your GY to your hand.
You can only equip this card to "Gradius". Increase the ATK of "Gradius" by 300 points. When the equipped "Gradius" attacks with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of a Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Equip only to a "Destiny HERO" monster. At the end of the Damage Step, if the equipped monster attacked: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
Equip only to "Elemental HERO Wildheart". It gains 500 ATK. When the equipped monster is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field, then inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each Spell/Trap Card destroyed by this effect.
Target 1 Cyberse monster you control; banish it, and if you do, add 1 Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand, whose ATK is lower than that monster's original ATK. During your next Standby Phase, return that monster banished by this effect to the field, and it can attack directly that turn. You can only activate 1 "Cynet Backdoor" per turn.
If a "Code Talker" monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck to your field: You can target 1 of those monsters; add 1 Cyberse monster with the same Attribute from your Deck to your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot add other monsters with the same Attribute to your hand with the effect of "Cynet Codec", also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Cyberse monsters (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Cynet Codec" once per Chain.
Tribute 1 Cyberse monster, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
Fusion Summon 1 Cyberse Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If you control no monsters in the Extra Monster Zone, you can also banish up to 1 Cyberse Link Monster from your GY as Fusion Material.
Send 1 card from your hand to the GY; add 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Cynet Mining" per turn.
If your "Code Talker" monster battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. During your Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 Cyberse monster, also you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, except Cyberse monsters (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Cynet Optimization" once per turn.
If a Link Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 monster in your GY, except a Link Monster; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Cynet Recovery" once per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Cyberse Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If you control no monsters, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card and 1 Ritual Monster from your GY; Special Summon 2 "Cynet Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position.
Linked monsters on the field gain 500 ATK/DEF. The Link Summon of Link Monsters cannot be negated. If you take 2000 or more damage by battle or a card effect: You can shuffle the face-down cards in your Extra Deck and excavate the top card of those cards, and if it is a Cyberse Link Monster, Special Summon it. Otherwise, return it to its original position.
All Link Monsters you control gain 300 ATK. Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in the GY; shuffle it into the Deck. If this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: Send all monsters in the Extra Monster Zones to the GY.
Each time a face-up "Destiny HERO" monster(s) you control is destroyed, place 1 D Counter on this card for each of those monsters. When you Normal or Special Summon a monster during your Main Phase: You can send this card with 2 or more D Counters to the Graveyard; add up to 2 cards from your Deck and/or Graveyard to your hand, with the same name as that monster.
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand. You must not control any face-up "Destiny HERO" monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.
When there are no Spell Cards in your Graveyard, neither player can conduct their Battle Phase.
Declare 1 card name. Look at your opponent's hand, and if they have the declared card in their hand, remove that 1 card from play. If they do not have the declared card in their hand, remove 1 random card in your hand from play.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 of your banished monsters; Special Summon it in Attack Position, and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.
When your "Danger!" monster is destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster: You can destroy that opponent's monster. You can banish 3 "Danger!" Spells/Traps with different names from your GY; destroy all cards on the field, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Danger!" monsters (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Danger! Disaster!" once per turn.
Discard 1 Level 5 or higher "Danger!" monster; add 1 Level 4 or lower "Danger!" monster from your Deck to your hand. You cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, except "Danger!" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Danger! Excitement! Mystery!" per turn.
Equip only to a "Danger!" monster. The equipped monster gains 800 ATK/DEF, cannot be destroyed by card effects, and can declare up to 2 attacks on monsters during the Battle Phase.
Target 1 "Danger!" monster you control and 1 monster on the field; return them to the hand. If this card is in the GY: You can discard 1 "Danger!" monster; place this card on the bottom of the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Danger! Response Team" once per turn.
During each of your Standby Phases: Roll a six-sided die and apply the result. ● 1: Discard 1 card. ● 2: Your opponent discards 1 card. ● 3: Draw 1 card. ● 4: Your opponent draws 1 card. ● 5: Destroy 1 monster your opponent controls. ● 6: Destroy this card.
If you control a "Dark Magician Girl" monster: Destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls.
If you control monsters whose original names are "Dark Magician" and "Dark Magician Girl": Destroy all cards your opponent controls.
Banish, from your hand or your Graveyard, the Fusion Material Monsters listed on a Fusion Monster Card that can only be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion", then Special Summon that monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon with "Dark Fusion".)
When a "Destiny HERO" monster attacks, if its ATK is lower than the ATK of the attack target, the attacking monster gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only.
When a "D/D/D" monster of the below card type is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck to your field: You can activate the appropriate effect once per turn;  ● Fusion: Gain 1000 LP.  ● Synchro: Your opponent cannot target that Special Summoned monster with card effects.  ● Xyz: Banish 1 card from the field or the Graveyard.  ● Pendulum: Draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.  Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 2000 damage.
During your Main Phase: You can add 1 "D/D" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dark Contract with the Gate" once per turn. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.
During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fiend-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. You can only use this effect of "Dark Contract with the Swamp King" once per turn. If Summoning a "D/D" Fusion Monster this way, you can also banish monsters from your Graveyard as Fusion Material. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Dark Contract with the Yamimakai" per turn, and only once that turn. ● During your Main Phase: You can target 1 "D/D" Pendulum Monster in your Graveyard; place it in your Pendulum Zone. ● During your Main Phase: You can place 1 face-up "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck in your Pendulum Zone.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; banish that target.
Declare 1 Monster Card name. If the declared card is in your opponent's Deck, add 1 of that card to your opponent's hand.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of Dark Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 4 or more. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Red-Eyes" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand.
Increase the ATK and DEF of a Fiend-Type monster equipped with this card by 300 points.
Target 1 DARK monster with 1500 or less ATK in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Target 2 Normal Monsters in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.
Send, from your hand or your side of the field to the Graveyard, the Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on a Fiend-Type Fusion Monster Card, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon). The Special Summoned monster cannot be targeted by the opponent's Spells, Traps, or card effects this turn.
Destroy all monsters on the field.
If you control "Dark Magician": Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Pay half your LP; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your Deck. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Set).
Apply these effects in sequence, based on the number of "Dark Magician" and/or "Dark Magician Girl" on the field and in the Graveyards. ● 1+: 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster on the field gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. ● 2+: This turn, your opponent cannot activate cards and effects in response to your Spell/Trap Card or effect activation, also Spell/Trap Cards you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. ● 3+: DARK Spellcaster-Type monsters you currently control are unaffected by your opponent's card effects, until the end of this turn.
Banish 2 Spell Cards from your Graveyard; add 1 Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, that specifically lists the card "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl" in its text, except "Dark Magic Inheritance". You can only activate 1 "Dark Magic Inheritance" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects;  ● Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material, including "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl".  ● Ritual Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field, including "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl", whose total Levels equal or exceed its Level.
Target 1 "Dark Magician" you control; it gains ATK equal to the total ATK of all "Dark Magician Girl" on the field and in the GYs, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dark Magic Twin Burst" per turn.
Pay 1000 LP; Special Summon 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard.
When this card is activated: Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, then you can reveal 1 "Dark Magician" or 1 Spell/Trap Card that specifically lists the card "Dark Magician", among them, and add it to your hand, also place the remaining cards on top of your Deck in any order. If "Dark Magician" is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Dark Magical Circle" once per turn.
If you control 3 or more DARK monsters: Target 1 face-up card on the field; banish that target.
Each time your opponent takes damage from a card effect, except "Dark Room of Nightmare", inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
Negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent currently controls, until the end of this turn, also, for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, your opponent takes no damage. Neither player can activate monster effects in response this card's activation.
If a "Spirit Message" card would be placed on your field with "Destiny Board", you can Special Summon it as a Normal Monster (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) instead, and if you do, it is unaffected by card effects, except "Destiny Board", and cannot be targeted for attacks, but does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Toss a coin and if the result is heads, negate the attack, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the current ATK of that monster your opponent controls.
During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict damage to both players. This damage begins at 200 and is doubled during each of your following Standby Phases.
Discard 1 card; add 1 "Destiny Board" or 1 Level 8 Fiend monster from your Deck or GY to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY; place any number of "Destiny Board" and/or "Spirit Message" cards with different names from your hand or GY on the bottom of the Deck in any order, then draw the same number of cards. You can only use each effect of "Dark Spirit's Mastery" once per turn.
Each player draws 1 card, then each player discards 1 card.
During your End Phase, if you discard a monster(s) to the Graveyard because you had more cards than your hand size limit: You can target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon that target.
Target 1 Set card on the field; destroy that target, then discard 1 card.
Flip all face-down monsters on your opponent's side of the field face-up.
Special Summon 1 "Darklord" monster from your Graveyard in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Darklord Contact" per turn.
Discard 2 cards, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position.
The equipped monster cannot attack, also its ATK and DEF become 100. During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict 500 damage to the controller of the equipped monster.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Herald of Perfection". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal exactly 6. When "Herald of Perfection" is Ritual Summoned by this card's effect: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of the monsters in your Graveyard that was Tributed for that Ritual Summon; return that target to your hand.
Target 1 Fusion Monster on the field; return that target to the Extra Deck, then, if all the Fusion Materials that were used for its Fusion Summon are in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon all of them.
Select 1 Spell Card on the field and destroy it. If the selected card is Set, pick up and see the card. If it is a Spell Card, it is destroyed. If it is a Trap Card, return it to its original position.
Target 1 Synchro Monster on the field; return that target to the Extra Deck, then, if all of the monsters that were used for the Synchro Summon of that monster are in your Graveyard, you can Special Summon all of them.
Neither player can add cards from their Deck to their hand except by drawing them. Monsters cannot be Special Summoned from the Main Deck. Destroy this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.
Target 1 "Decode Talker" you control; apply these effects this turn, depending on the number of monsters it points to.  ● 1+: That monster gains 500 ATK for each monster it points to.  ● 2+: Banish any monster destroyed by battle with that monster after damage calculation.  ● 3: After damage calculation, if that monster destroyed an opponent's monster by battle: Destroy all cards your opponent controls.  You can only activate 1 "Decode Destruction" per turn.
Tribute 1 "Dark Magician"; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician of Chaos" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
For each monster a player controls in their Main Monster Zone, their Spells/Traps in the same column as that monster cannot be destroyed by their opponent's card effects, and their opponent cannot target them with card effects.
The controller of this card pays 500 Life Points during each of their Standby Phases (this is not optional). Monster Cards that would be returned from the field to the hand are removed from play instead.
Pay 1000 Life Points. Your opponent randomly selects and discards 1 card from his/her hand and then selects and discards another card from his/her hand.
You can only activate this card while there are 3 Normal Monsters of the same name (except Tokens) on your side of the field. The 3 Normal Monsters of the same name can attack your opponent's Life Points directly during the turn that this card is activated.
Activate this card when your opponent Special Summons a monster. Select 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck and activate it.
Downgrade the monster equipped with this card by 2 Levels.
Activate only while you control 3 face-up "Des Frogs". Destroy all cards your opponent controls.
All "Deskbot" monsters on the field gain 500 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can reveal any number of "Deskbot" cards in your hand and shuffle them into the Deck, then draw the same number of cards. You can banish 9 "Deskbot" cards with different names from your field and/or Graveyard, except "Deskbot Base"; shuffle all cards from your opponent's hand, field and Graveyard into the Deck.
Discard 1 "Destiny HERO" card; draw 2 cards.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster that lists "Buster Blader" as Material from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or either side of the field as Fusion Materials. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Destruction Swordsman Fusion" once per turn.
Destroy as many "Kuriboh" and "Kuriboh Tokens" you control as possible, then destroy cards your opponent controls, up to the number of "Kuriboh" and "Kuriboh Tokens" destroyed by this effect.
Add 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Diamond Core of Koa'ki Meiru". You can banish this card from your Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, "Koa'ki Meiru" monsters you control cannot be destroyed.
Select 1 monster with 4 or more Fog Counters. Destroy it and then draw 1 card for every 4 Fog Counters that were on it.
Increase your Life Points by 1000 points.
Roll a six-sided die and apply the result. ●2, 3, or 4: Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field. ●5: Destroy 2 Spell/Trap Cards on the field. ●1 or 6: You take 1000 damage.
Select 1 card from your Deck and remove it from play face-down. During your 2nd Standby Phase after activation, destroy this card and add the removed card to your hand.
When this card resolves: Banish 1 WATER monster from your hand, Graveyard, or face-up on your field. Then, when this face-up card is destroyed: Special Summon that banished monster to your side of the field.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster on each side of the field; banish those targets. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Return those banished monsters to the field in the same battle positions they were in.
(This card is not treated as a "Fusion" card.)  Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Level 7 or higher Spellcaster-Type monster you control; this turn, only that monster can attack, and it must attack all monsters your opponent controls, once each. The effects of Effect Monsters destroyed by these attacks do not activate and are negated.
You can only activate this card if there are no cards in your Graveyard. Select 1 removed from play monster and Special Summon it on your side of the field.
Return 1 face-up Fusion Monster you control to the Extra Deck. Both players select up to 2 of their monsters that are removed from play, and Special Summon them.
Pay 2000 Life Points. Both players Special Summon as many of their removed from play monsters as possible.
Any monster sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.
Select 1 monster on your side of the field and remove it from play until your next Standby Phase. While the monster is removed from play, the Monster Card Zone of the selected monster cannot be used.
All "Dinomist" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. If a "Dinomist" monster you control battles, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.
When this card is activated: Add 1 "Dinomist" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if a "Dinomist" card(s) is added from the field to your Extra Deck face-up: Add 1 of those cards to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Dinomist Charge" per turn.
Activate this card by declaring 1 card name. Each time the declared card, or its effect, is activated, halve the LP of that card's owner immediately after it resolves. During the End Phase of the turn this effect was applied, send this card to the GY. If your opponent controls a monster, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
You can target 3 "True Draco" and/or "True King" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card. During your Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster face-up. If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Disciples of the True Dracophoenix" once per turn.
The equipped monster gains 200 ATK for each monster in your GY. During the End Phase, if this card is in the GY because it was sent there from the field this turn: You can Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Disposable Learning Device" once per turn.
Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. It gains 300 ATK. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard you can remove from play 2 Warrior-Type monsters in your Graveyard to add this card to your hand.
Once per turn, if a WIND monster you control returns to the hand (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower WIND monster from your Deck.
Send 1 "Dododo" monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Dodododraw" per turn.
While you have no cards in your Extra Deck and you are the only player that controls a Tribute Summoned monster, your opponent cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. If a Tribute Summoned monster you control attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 800 ATK during damage calculation only. Once per turn: You can reduce the Level of 1 monster with 2800 ATK and 1000 DEF in your hand by 2 until the end of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set, and even if this card leaves the field).
When a monster your opponent controls is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, you can send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard to destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.
During each of your opponent's End Phases: Gain Life Points equal to the number of times you took battle damage this turn x 500. When a "Number" monster you control is targeted for an attack, except "Number C" monsters: You can send this card to the Graveyard; negate the attack, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster with the same number in its name as that "Number" monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can only control 1 "Don Thousand's Throne".
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Elemental Mistress Doriado". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 3 or more from the field or your hand.
Discard 1 Monster Card from your hand to the Graveyard. Select 1 monster on your side of the field with a lower Level than the discarded monster. The selected monster can attack twice this turn.
Target 1 Spell/Trap Card you control and 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy them.
Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack while you control 2 or more face-up Defense Position monsters: You can target the attacking monster; negate that attack.
Banish 1 Dinosaur monster and 1 non-Dinosaur monster from your hand and/or GY; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Dinosaur monster from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Double Evolution Pill" per turn.
If you control a Fusion Monster that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as material: Target 1 "HERO" Fusion Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Double Hero Attack" per turn.
When a monster's attack is negated: Target that monster; during this Battle Phase, it can attack once again, and if it does, its ATK is doubled during the Damage Step only.
Destroy 1 face-up card on the field that has an effect that negates Trap Cards' effects.
Discard 1 Spell Card, then target 1 Spell Card in your opponent's Graveyard; place that target in the appropriate Zone on your side of the field, and as this card's effect resolution, follow its card text as if you had used it yourself.
You can conduct 2 Normal Summons/Sets this turn, not just 1.
Equip only to a "Power Tool Dragon" or Level 4 or higher Machine-Type "Morphtronic" monster you control. While equipped: ● During your turn: It gains 1000 ATK. If it attacks, any effects of the attack target that activate or apply on the field are negated during that Battle Phase. ● During your opponent's turn: Your opponent cannot select a monster other than the equipped monster as an attack target. An opponent's monster that battles the equipped monster is destroyed at the end of the Damage Step.
Tribute 1 face-up monster; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 monster with the same original Type and Attribute that the Tributed monster had on the field, but 1 Level lower. You can only activate 1 "Downbeat" per turn.
Reveal 1 "Dracoslayer" Pendulum Monster and 1 "Dracoverlord" Pendulum Monster from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 of them for you to place in your Pendulum Zone or Special Summon (your choice), and you add the other card to your Extra Deck face-up. You can only activate 1 "Draco Face-Off" per turn.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 Dragon-Type monster that has a Level; Special Summon, from your Deck, 1 Wyrm-Type monster with the same Level as the Tributed monster's original Level, and if you do, any monster destroyed by battle with that monster is shuffled into the Deck instead of going to the Graveyard.
Reveal 1 Dragon-Type monster in your hand, add 1 Dragon-Type monster with the same Level from your Deck to your hand, then shuffle the revealed monster into the Deck.
Both players reveal their hands, each player chooses 1 card from their opponent's hand, then you discard the chosen cards from both players' hands, then both players draw 1 card.
Send 1 "Trigon" equipped to a face-up "Delta Tri" you control to the Graveyard, and destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
Each monster you control that is equipped with 1 or more "Dragunity" monster(s) gains 500 ATK. Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up monster you control, and equip it with 1 Dragon-Type "Dragunity" monster from your hand.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card, then activate 1 of these effects; ● Add 1 Level 4 or lower "Dragunity" monster from your Deck to your hand. ● Send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
If you control a Spellcaster monster: You can target up to 2 Dragon monsters in your GY, including at least 1 Normal Monster; Special Summon them. Your opponent takes no damage this turn. You can only activate 1 "Dragon Revival Rhapsody" per turn.
Equip only to a Dragon-Type monster. It cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects. Neither player takes any battle damage from attacks involving it.
Send 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, then, if that monster in your Graveyard is a Dragon-Type Normal Monster, you can send 1 more Dragon-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Dragon Shrine" per turn.
A Dragon-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Target 1 Dragon-Type monster you control that was Special Summoned this turn; for each monster your opponent currently controls that was Special Summoned this turn, it gains 1 additional attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
If you control a Dragon-Type monster: Activate 1 of these effects. ● Inflict 800 damage to your opponent. ● Target 1 monster with 800 or less DEF; destroy that target.
Fusion Summon 1 Dragon-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or Graveyard.
This card can only be used to equip Warrior-Type monsters. The equipped monster is treated as a Dragon-Type and increases the ATK and DEF of the equipped monster by 500 points.
All "True Draco" and "True King" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. The first time each Tribute Summoned "True Draco" or "True King" monster would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. Once per turn: You can destroy 1 other card you control or in your hand, and if you do, add 1 "True Draco" or "True King" card from your Deck to your hand.
Tribute 2 Dragon-Type monsters; Special Summon 1 Level 8 Dragon-Type monster from your Deck.
Monsters you control gain 100 ATK/DEF for each "Dragonmaid" monster you control. If you control 2 or more "Dragonmaid" monsters: You can target 1 "Dragonmaid" card in your GY, except "Dragonmaid Reception"; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Dragonmaid Reception" once per turn. If this card is sent to the GY: This turn, your opponent cannot target "Dragonmaid" monsters you control with card effects.
Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your hand or GY in Defense Position, then you can send 1 "Dragonmaid" monster from your Deck to the GY with the same Attribute but a different Level. You can only activate 1 "Dragonmaids' Hospitality" per turn.
Target 1 "Dragonmaid" monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Dragonmaid" monster with a different name from your hand in Defense Position, and if you do, return the targeted monster to the hand, also the Special Summoned monster cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects until the end of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Dragonmaids' Sendoff" per turn.
Fusion Summon 1 Dragon Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Dragonmaid" monster you control; add this card to your hand, and if you do, return that monster to the hand. You can only use this effect of "Dragonmaids' Uniform-Change" once per turn.
Activate this card by paying 1000 LP. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Dragonoid Token" (Machine/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 300/DEF 300) in Attack Position, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck for the rest of this turn, also during the End Phase your opponent Special Summons 1 "Dragonoid Token" to their field in Attack Position (even if this card leaves the field). You can use this effect of "Dragonoid Generator" up to twice per turn.
Banish 1 EARTH, 1 WATER, 1 FIRE, and 1 WIND monster from your Graveyard; shuffle 1 card on the field into the Deck.
Equip only to a "Dragunity" monster. It gains ATK equal to its Level x 100, also it is unaffected by Trap effects. During your Main Phase: You can equip 1 Dragon-Type "Dragunity" Tuner monster from your Deck to the monster equipped with this card. You can only use this effect of "Dragunity Divine Lance" once per turn.
Target 1 Defense Position monster you control with 1000 or less DEF; draw 1 card, also that monster cannot be destroyed by battle this turn. You can only activate 1 "Draw Muscle" per turn.
If your LP is lower than your opponent's, and they control a monster with the highest ATK on the field (even if tied): Reveal 3 cards with different names from your Deck, shuffle them, and place them on top of your Deck, then draw 1 card. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Set Spells/Traps, also you can only activate 1 card or effect. You can only activate 1 "Draw of Fate" per turn.
Fusion Summon 1 "Dream Mirror" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Material. If "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone, you can also use monsters in your hand as Fusion Material. If "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone, you can also banish monsters from your GY as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror of Chaos" per turn.
During the End Phase: You can banish this card; activate 1 “Dream Mirror of Terror” directly from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of “Dream Mirror of Joy” once per turn. “Dream Mirror” monsters you control cannot be targeted by your opponent’s card effects, or their monsters’ attacks, except your “Dream Mirror” monster(s) with the highest Level. This effect is only applied while you control a LIGHT “Dream Mirror” monster.
During the End Phase: You can banish this card; activate 1 “Dream Mirror of Joy” directly from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of “Dream Mirror of Terror” once per turn. Each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), inflict 300 damage to your opponent. This effect is only applied while you control a DARK “Dream Mirror” monster.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Dream Mirror" monster from your Deck to your hand. If "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone, all monsters you control gain 500 ATK/DEF. If "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone, all monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK/DEF. You can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror Phantasms" per turn.
This card gains these effects depending on the Extra Deck monster card types (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz) of monsters on the field. ● Fusion: Once per turn, if a monster(s) is sent from your hand or field to the Graveyard by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 1 card. ● Synchro: When a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can increase the Level of that monster(s) by 1 (even if this card leaves the field). ● Xyz: Once per turn, during your End Phase: Destroy the face-up monster(s) on the field with the highest Level (all, if tied). You can only activate 1 "Dreamland" per turn.
If there is a card in the Pendulum Zone: Add 1 "Pendulum" Pendulum Monster or "Pendulum" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Duelist Alliance" per turn.
For each player, the first time they do each of the following per turn, they draw 2 cards.  ● Special Summon 5 monsters with different Levels at the same time.  ● 1 monster they control battles 5 times.  ● Activate a card or effect as Chain Link 5 or higher.  ● Roll 1 six-sided die, or toss a coin, 5 times.  ● Take damage that made their LP 500 or less.
Face-up Normal Monsters on the field are unaffected by your opponent's Spell Cards. This card is destroyed during your second Standby Phase after activation.
Target 1 Spellcaster Effect Monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Dwimmered Path" per turn.
Add 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any EARTH Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.
While a Level 10 monster is on the field, neither player can target this card with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects. Synchro Monsters can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of your "Earthbound Immortal" monster. If a Synchro Monster(s) is Special Summoned: You can add 1 "Earthbound Immortal" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Earthbound Geoglyph" once per turn.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster and 1 Field Spell in your GY; add those targets to your hand.
If you control an "Earthbound Immortal" monster: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Change all face-up monsters on the field to Defense Position.
If a card(s) is sent from the Deck to the Graveyard: Target 1 card in either player's Graveyard; shuffle it into the Deck, also neither player can send cards from the Deck to the Graveyard for the rest of this turn.
Once per turn, during each player's End Phase: The turn player must Tribute 1 face-up monster, and if they do, inflict damage to their opponent equal to half the original ATK of the Tributed monster.
If your LP is lower than your opponent's: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to half its original ATK, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, your opponent takes no damage.
When a monster declares an attack: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 1000 ATK until the end of the Battle Phase.
The equipped monster cannot attack. Destroy the equipped monster at the end of its controller's 2nd turn after this card is activated. At that time, this card is returned to the owner's hand.
Fusion Summon 1 "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. You can only activate 1 "El Shaddoll Fusion" per turn.
All WIND Winged Beast monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF. You can only use each of the following effects of "Elborz, the Sacred Lands of Simorgh" once per turn.  ● You can reveal 1 Level 5 or higher WIND Winged Beast monster in your hand; this turn, you can Normal Summon Winged Beast monsters for 1 less Tribute (even if this card leaves the field).  ● If you control a WIND Winged Beast monster, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 Winged Beast monster.
A Thunder-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Level 3 or lower face-up Defense Position Thunder-Type monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. Destroy this card if you control a face-up Attack Position monster.
If "Harpie Lady" is on the field: Special Summon 1 "Harpie Lady" or "Harpie Lady Sisters" from your hand or Deck.
A LIGHT monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.
Add 1 "Buster Blader" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Cu Chulainn the Awakened". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 4 or more from the field or your hand.
Activate during your Main Phase 2, to Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your Graveyard that was destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard this turn.
Send any number of other Spell/Trap Cards you control to the Graveyard; gain 1000 LP for each card sent to the Graveyard this way.
Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Psychic-Type monster from your hand or Deck, but banish it during the End Phase of this turn.
If your LP is lower than your opponent's: Reveal 3 Beast monsters with 300 ATK and 100 DEF from your Deck, your opponent chooses 1 for you to add to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Emerging Emergency Rescute Rescue" per turn.
All Dragon, Warrior, and Spellcaster-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 "Empowered Warrior" monster from your Deck. Once per turn: You can banish a total of 4 Warrior and/or Spellcaster-Type monsters from your Graveyard; add 1 "Aether" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Pay 800 Life Points. Pick up 4 cards from the top of your Deck and Special Summon to your side of the field all Level 3 or lower Normal Monsters among the picked-up cards. Return all the other picked-up cards to your Deck and the Deck is then shuffled.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion", or "Demise, King of Armageddon". You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you are attempting to Ritual Summon.
This card's name becomes "Magical Citadel of Endymion" while in the Spell & Trap Zone. Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. Once per turn, after damage calculation, if your Spellcaster monster is destroyed by battle: You can remove 6 Spell Counters from your field; Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Spellcaster monster from your hand or Deck. You can only activate 1 "Endymion's Lab" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target's battle position. ● Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.
Destroy all face-up Insect-Type monsters on the field.
All face-up Psychic-Type monsters you controlled when this card was activated gain 300 ATK for each of your Psychic-Type monsters that is removed from play when this card resolves. During the End Phase, remove from play all monsters that were affected by this effect.
Destroy all face-up Fish-Type monsters on the field.
Destroy all monsters equipped with Equip Cards.
While you control 3 or more "Tindangle" monsters, your opponent's monsters cannot attack. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target 1 "Tindangle" monster you control; give control of it to your opponent. You can banish this card from your GY and discard 1 "Tindangle" card; add 1 "Euler's Circuit" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Euler's Circuit" once per turn.
Once per turn, when a Zombie-Type monster is Special Summoned to your side of the field: Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
Special Summon 1 "Evil Eye" monster from your hand or GY, or, if "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone, you can Special Summon 1 "Evil Eye" monster from your Deck instead. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Awakening" per turn.
If you control an "Evil Eye" monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; destroy it, and if you do, and "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone, banish that destroyed card. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Confrontation" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Evil Eye" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, during damage calculation, if your "Evil Eye" monster is attacked, while "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can make the battle damage you take from this battle also inflicted to your opponent. If this card in the Field Zone is destroyed by card effect: You can target 1 "Evil Eye" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Domain - Pareidolia" per turn.
Equip only to an "Evil Eye" monster. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye of Gorgoneio" per turn. This card's name becomes "Evil Eye of Selene" while in the Spell & Trap Zone. While your LP are lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster gains ATK equal to the difference. You can banish this card from your GY and discard 1 "Evil Eye" card; add 1 "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, except "Evil Eye of Gorgoneio". You can only use this effect of "Evil Eye of Gorgoneio" once per turn.
Equip only to an "Evil Eye" monster. It cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. Each time you activate the equipped monster's effect, or you activate another "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap Card: The equipped monster gains 500 ATK, and if it does, you lose 500 LP. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.) If this card is in your GY: You can pay 1000 LP, then banish 1 "Evil Eye" Spell/Trap from your GY, except "Evil Eye of Selene"; Set this card. You can only use this effect of "Evil Eye of Selene" once per turn.
When you activate this card: You can banish 1 "Evil Eye" card from your GY; draw 1 card. Once per turn, after damage calculation, if your "Evil Eye" monster equipped with "Evil Eye of Selene" attacked an opponent's monster: You can banish that opponent's monster. If this card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect: You can target up to 3 of your banished "Evil Eye" cards; return them to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Repose" per turn.
If you control a Fiend monster: Activate 1 of these effects, depending on the number of monsters in your opponent's GY;  ● 1+: Draw 1 card.  ● 4+: Add 1 "HERO" monster or 1 "Dark Fusion" from your Deck to your hand.  ● 10+: Add 1 "Polymerization" Spell or "Fusion" Spell from your Deck to your hand.  You can only activate 1 "Evil Mind" per turn.
Add 1 "Evoltile" or "Evolsaur" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Evo-Diversity" per turn.
Tribute 1 "Evoltile" monster; Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your Deck. It is treated as if it was Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster.
When a monster(s) is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster you control, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects.
Target 1 monster that was Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
Once per turn, if a monster is Special Summoned by the effect of an "Evoltile" monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
If you control "Cyber Dragon": Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. "Cyber Dragon" cannot attack the turn you activate this card.
Both players reveal their hands and add 1 card from each other's hand to their hand.
Destroy all face-up Fiend-Type monsters on the field.
Declare a Level between 1 and 12; your opponent banishes 1 monster of that Level from their Extra Deck. If your opponent does not have a monster of that Level in their Extra Deck, you discard 1 card.
If a monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: The opponent of the player that conducted the Special Summon can apply this effect. ● Draw 1 card.
Pay half your LP; send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Extra-Foolish Burial" per turn. You cannot Set Spells/Traps during the turn you activate this card.
Increase the Levels of all "F.A." monsters on the field by 2 during the Battle Phase only. Once per turn, when your "F.A." monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can draw 1 card. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "F.A." card from your Deck to your hand, except "F.A. Circuit Grand Prix". You can only use this effect of "F.A. Circuit Grand Prix" once per turn.
Increase the Levels of all "F.A." monsters on the field by 2 during the Main Phase and Battle Phase. Your opponent cannot target "F.A." monsters you control with card effects. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "F.A." card from your Deck to your hand, except "F.A. City Grand Prix". You can only use this effect of "F.A. City Grand Prix" once per turn.
Target 1 "F.A." monster you control; increase its Level by 2 until the end of this turn. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "F.A." monster you control; increase its Level by 2 until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "F.A. Downforce" once per turn.
Increase the Levels of all "F.A." monsters on the field by 2 during the Main Phase only. You can only use each of the following effects of "F.A. Off-Road Grand Prix" once per turn.  ● When a "F.A." monster you control is destroyed by battle: You can discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.  ● If this face-up card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "F.A." card from your Deck to your hand, except "F.A. Off-Road Grand Prix".
Target 1 "F.A." monster you control; reduce its Level by 2, and if you do, draw cards equal to the number of "F.A. Pit Stop" in your GY+1. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "F.A." monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "F.A. Pit Stop" once per turn.
Target 1 "F.A." monster you control; change its battle position, then, destroy 1 card on the field. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "F.A." monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "F.A. Test Run" once per turn.
If you control a "F.A." monster, this card cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. When your "F.A." monster whose Level is at least 5 higher than its original Level battles an opponent's monster and inflicts battle damage to them: You can banish 1 card from your hand, field, or GY. You can only activate this effect of "F.A. Winners" once per turn. If 3 of your "F.A." Field Spells with different names are currently banished, and were all banished by the effect of "F.A. Winners", you win the Duel.
Remove from play all "Morphtronic" monsters from your Graveyard. Target face-up Machine-Type monster you control gains 200 ATK for each card removed, until the End Phase.
If the equipped monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Target 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. That Equip Spell Card cannot be activated this turn.
Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your hand. That monster cannot attack, and returns to the hand during the End Phase.
Your opponent cannot target "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms", or "Armityle the Chaos Phantom" in your Monster Zones with card effects, also those monsters cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects while you control them. If you control "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames", "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder", "Raviel, Lord of Phantasms" or "Armityle the Chaos Phantom" in your Monster Zone: You can draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Fallen Paradise" once per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster you control and declare a Level between 1 and 3; it becomes that Level.
Activate this card by targeting an opponent's monster; equip this card to it. Take control of it. Destroy this card unless you control an "Archfiend" card. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: You take 800 damage.
During your Draw Phase, before you draw: You can give up your normal draw this turn, and if you do, add 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your Deck to your hand. If you control 5 or more monsters "Fur Hire" with different names: You can send this card from the Field Zone to the GY; destroy all cards your opponent controls, also, for the rest of this turn, your opponent takes no damage.
Send 1 Special Summoned monster on either side of the field to the Graveyard and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your hand.
Equip only to a Level 5 or higher "HERO" monster. While a card is in your Field Zone, the equipped monster gains ATK equal to its original DEF, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. At the start of the Battle Phase: You can activate 1 Field Spell from your hand or Deck. You can only use this effect of "Favorite Hero" once per turn. When the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by its attack: You can send this card to the GY; the monster that attacked can make a second attack in a row.
Special Summon up to 2 Level 5 Warrior-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard, but their effects are negated, also, for the rest of this turn, they cannot attack.
Target 1 face-up "Elemental HERO Avian" you control; during this turn, that target can attack a number of times equal to the number of monsters you control when this card resolves, but cannot attack directly, and other monsters you control cannot attack this turn.
Look at your opponent's hand. Select and discard 1 Spirit monster to the Graveyard if Spirit monsters exist in his/her hand.
Field Spell Cards on the field cannot be destroyed. Neither player can activate a new Field Spell Card. You can only control 1 "Field Barrier".
Special Summon 1 "Metal Fiend Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). It cannot attack. Your opponent takes any battle damage you would have taken from battles involving it. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 1000 LP or destroy this Token.
Target 5 "Elemental HERO" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 2 cards (draw 3 cards instead, if you had no other cards on your side of the field and in your hand when you activated this card).
The equipped monster gains 300 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. If it would be destroyed by battle, you can destroy this card instead.
Pay 2000 Life Points. After 20 turns have passed (counting the turn you activate this card as the 1st turn), you win the Duel.
Discard 5 cards from your hand. Destroy all cards on the field.
Inflict 600 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Target 1 face-up Level 3 monster you control; Special Summon 1 monster with the same name as that monster from your hand or Graveyard. Its effects are negated. During the End Phase of this turn, destroy the face-up monster that was targeted by this card.
Send 5 face-up "Inzektor" cards you control to the Graveyard; destroy all cards your opponent controls, also, during the Battle Phase of this turn, your opponent cannot activate monster effects that activate in the hand or Graveyard.
Pay LP in multiples of 1000, then target 1 "Valkyrie" monster in your GY with a different name for every 1000 LP paid. Special Summon them, then your opponent can Special Summon monsters with 2000 or less ATK from their GY, up to the number of monsters you Special Summoned by this effect. You can only active 1 "Final Light" per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Reshef the Dark Being". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 8 or more from the field or your hand.
The hand size limit of each player becomes 3.
When this card is activated: You can Ritual Summon 1 Beast-Warrior Ritual Monster from your hand, by Tributing monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed its Level. If this face-up card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can target 1 "Fire Fist" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Fire Formation - Domei" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Fire Formation - Domei" per turn.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls. Your opponent cannot activate the targeted card in response to this card's activation. While this card is face-up on the field, that Set card cannot be activated. All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 100 ATK.
When this card is activated: You can Fusion Summon 1 Beast-Warrior Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If this face-up card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can target 1 "Fire Fist" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Fire Formation - Ingen" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Fire Formation - Ingen" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 Level 4 or lower Beast-Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 100 ATK. You can only activate 1 "Fire Formation - Tenki" per turn.
During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 100 ATK.
When you activate this card, you can target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; discard 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster, and if you do, destroy that card. All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 100 ATK.
(This card is always treated as a "Fire Formation" card.)  Each time a "Fire Fist" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Fire Fist Counter on this card. Once per turn: You can remove Fire Fist Counters from your field to activate 1 of these effects;  ● 2: If your Beast-Warrior monster attacks this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.  ● 6: Add 1 Beast-Warrior monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● 10: Special Summon 1 Beast-Warrior monster from your Deck or Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
If this face-up card in the Field Zone is sent to the Graveyard or banished: Destroy all monsters you control. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Fire King Island" per turn, and only once that turn. ● During your Main Phase: You can destroy 1 monster in your hand or you control, and if you do, add 1 "Fire King" monster from your Deck to your hand. ● If you control no monsters: You can Special Summon 1 FIRE Winged Beast-Type monster from your hand.
All Dragon monsters on the field gain 300 DEF. If any Link Monster is on the field, neither player can Link Summon a monster with a lower Link Rating than the highest Link Rating on the field. Monsters cannot attack, except Link Monsters. Apply the following effects while 2 or more Cyberse Link Monsters are on the field.  ● Negate the activated effects of Cyberse monsters.  ● Cyberse monsters cannot attack, cannot be targeted for attacks, and cannot be targeted by card effects.
Special Summon 2 "Doomsday Tokens" (Fiend/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, unless it is for a DARK monster. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Normal Set).
Return 1 face-up Tribute Summoned "Steelswarm" monster you control to the hand; draw 1 card.
If you have 3 or more banished Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monsters: Target 1 card on the field; banish it.
Discard 1 card to target 2 of your banished Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monsters; add them to your hand.
Destroy the 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied).
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials. Destroy it during the End Phase.
Activate only when all of your opponent's Monster Card Zones are occupied by monsters. Destroy all monsters on your opponent's side of the field.
Face-up non-Effect Monsters on the field are unaffected by monster effects. Once per turn, if your opponent Special Summons an Effect Monster(s) while you control a non-Effect Monster (except during the Damage Step): You can draw 2 cards.
A monster equipped with this card loses 300 ATK and cannot change its Battle Position or attack. If the equipped monster is destroyed, select 1 monster on the field and equip this card to that monster.
Destroy 1 monster equipped with "Flint". You can return this card to your Deck instead of sending it to the Graveyard after it resolves.
Special Summon 4 "Flower Cardian" monsters with 100 ATK and different names from your Deck in Attack Position, but they have their effects negated, also they cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon. You can only activate 1 "Flower Gathering" per turn. You cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Flower Cardian" monsters.
Choose 3 "Flower Cardian" monsters with different names from your Deck, and place them on top of your Deck in any order. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Flower Cardian" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Flower Stacking" once per turn.
Tribute 1 face-up "Cloudian" monster you control. Place 3 Fog Counters on 1 face-up monster.
Increase the ATK and DEF of a Winged-Beast-Type monster equipped with this card by 300 points.
Send 1 monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
Send 1 Spell/Trap from your Deck to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Foolish Burial Goods" per turn.
Select 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard. Return it to the Deck.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Gishki" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute face-up monsters from anywhere on the field, whose total Levels equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. Halve the ATK of the monster Ritual Summoned by this effect. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, that target gains 400 ATK, but its effects are negated.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "D/D/D" monster from your hand in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. Once per turn: You can Fusion Summon 1 Fiend-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials, including a monster Special Summoned by this card with the above effect. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 2000 damage.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, that target loses 600 ATK, but cannot be targeted or destroyed by other card effects.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; this turn, that target loses 800 ATK, but is unaffected by the effects of other Spells/Traps.
If a monster battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: Negate all other card effects on the field until the end of the Damage Step, also damage calculation for this battle uses each monster's original ATK and DEF.
If you control exactly 2 monster card types (among Fusion, Synchro, and/or Xyz): Apply the following effect based on those types.  ● Fusion and Synchro: Special Summon 1 "Outer Entity" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, and if you do, attach this card to it as material.  ● Synchro and Xyz: Special Summon 1 "Elder Entity" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck.  ● Xyz and Fusion: Special Summon 1 "Old Entity" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck.  You can only activate 1 "Forbidden Trapezohedron" per turn.
Increases the ATK and DEF of all Insect, Beast, Plant, and Beast-Warrior-Type monsters by 200 points.
If a "Dracoslayer" monster, that is not a Pendulum Monster, and a "Dracoverlord" monster are on the field: Shuffle as many cards on the field as possible into the Deck, then you can Special Summon 1 "Dracoslayer" or "Dracoverlord" monster from your Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
Target 1 "HERO" Fusion Monster you control; return it to the Extra Deck, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Masked HERO" monster with the same Level as that monster's original Level, but with a different name. (This Special Summon is treated as a Special Summon with "Mask Change".)
Once per turn: You can target 1 "Melodious" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until your next Standby Phase (even if this card leaves the field). You can send this card to the Graveyard; Fusion Summon 1 "Melodious" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Meklord Army" monster from your hand.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Fortress Whale". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand.
If you control a "Fortune Lady" monster: Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your Deck with a different name from the cards you control. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Synchro Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Fortune Lady Calling" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Fortune Lady" card from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if a card(s) you control is banished by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can activate this effect; this turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, if a card(s) your opponent controls is banished by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can activate this effect; the next time you would take battle damage this turn, you do not (even if this card leaves the field). You can only activate 1 "Fortune Vision" per turn.
Select 1 of your removed from play "Fortune Lady" monsters and return it to the Graveyard. Then draw 2 cards.
Add 1 Level 6 or lower Dinosaur monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can only control 1 "Fragile Double-Edged Sword". The equipped monster gains 2000 ATK, also both players take any battle damage from attacks involving the equipped monster. If you take 2000 or more battle damage: Send this card to the GY.
Target 1 Plant-Type monster on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, draw 1 card, then if that card is a Plant-Type monster, you can reveal it and draw 1 more card.
You can banish 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Graveyard, except "Diffusion Wave-Motion"; Fusion Summon 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished "Frightfur Fusion"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Frightfur Factory" once per turn.
Fusion Summon 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Frightfur Fusion" per turn.
Add 1 "Edge Imp" monster and 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Frightfur Patchwork" per turn.
Target 1 "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of your banished "Fluffal" or "Frightfur" monsters; return it to the Graveyard.
Activate this card by discarding 1 card and sending 2 "Frightfur" monsters from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard. All Fusion Monsters you control are also treated as "Frightfur" monsters. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; return it to the Extra Deck.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Union monster from your hand.
If you control a monster with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF: Target 1 Set card on the field; destroy it. You can banish this card and 1 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Set card on the field; destroy it.
Send 1 face-up monster you control to the GY; apply this effect, depending on the Type it had on the field.  ● Plant: During the End Phase of this turn, draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.  ● Non-Plant: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Plant monster from your Deck to your hand.  You can only activate 1 "Frozen Rose" per turn.
Equip only to a "Ninja" monster. It gains 700 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Inflict 700 damage to your opponent.
Pay 800 Life Points. Select 1 Ritual Monster from your Graveyard, Special Summon it, and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, remove the equipped monster from play.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle, players take no battle damage from its attacks, and if it attacks an opponent's monster, destroy that opponent's monster after damage calculation.
Fusion Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials.
(This card is always treated as a "Salamangreat" card.)  Special Summon up to 2 "Salamangreat" monsters with different names from your hand and/or GY in Defense Position, but negate their effects. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you can only Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck once. You can only activate 1 "Fury of Fire" per turn.
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck and add 1 of the Fusion Materials whose name is specifically listed on that card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand, and if you do, for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters with the added monster's name, also your monsters with that name cannot activate their effects. You can only activate 1 "Fusion Conscription" per turn.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck that lists a "Destiny HERO" monster as material, using monsters from your hand or Deck as Fusion Material, but destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except DARK "HERO" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Fusion Destiny" per turn.
While this card is on the field: The turn player can Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from their Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from their hand or field.
(This card is always treated as a "Salamangreat" card.)  Fusion Summon 1 "Salamangreat" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or either field as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Fusion of Fire" per turn.
Target 1 "Polymerization", and 1 Fusion Material that was used for a Fusion Summon, in your Graveyard; add them to your hand.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Polymerization" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 monster in your Graveyard that was used as a Fusion Material for a Fusion Summon this turn; add it to your hand.
Add 1 "Polymerization" card from your Deck to your hand. Then shuffle your Deck.
(This card's name is always treated as "Polymerization".) Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; return it to the Extra Deck, then draw 1 card.
Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. It gains 800 ATK. While equipped to a monster, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Target 1 monster you control; reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck, and if you do, the targeted monster's name can be treated as the revealed Fusion Monster's, if used for a Fusion Summon this turn.
Equip only to a Level 6 or lower Fusion Monster. The equipped monster gains 1500 ATK and DEF.
Target 1 "Utopic Future" Xyz Monster you control; apply these effects to that monster you control for the rest of this turn.  ● It can attack all monsters your opponent controls once each.  ● If it battles an opponent's monster, negate the effects of that opponent's monster during the Damage Step only.  ● Each time it destroys an opponent's monster by battle, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK.  You can only activate 1 "Future Drive" per turn.
During your 1st Standby Phase after this card's activation: Show 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck and send the Fusion Materials listed on it from your Main Deck to the GY. During your 2nd Standby Phase after this card's activation: Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck with the same name as the monster you showed, and target it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that target. When that target is destroyed, destroy this card.
Activate this card by banishing 1 Psychic-Type monster from your Graveyard, and note its Level; all Psychic-Type monsters you control gain ATK equal to that Level x 200.
When a monster is Normal Summoned, remove from play that monster. During the next Standby Phase of the controller who Summoned that monster, return it to the field in face-up Attack Position.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 "Gagaga" monster from your Deck. You cannot Special Summon any other monsters, except by Xyz Summon, during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Gagaga Academy Emergency Network" per turn.
During the turn a "Gagaga" monster you control was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon from your Graveyard as many monsters as possible that were destroyed by battle this turn, in face-up Defense Position, then take 600 damage for each monster Special Summoned by this effect. You can only activate 1 "Gagagaback" per turn.
If you control a "Gagaga" monster: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
Banish 3 "Gagaga" monsters from your Graveyard; draw 2 cards.
Target 1 "Gagaga" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster. When this card is sent to the Graveyard because the equipped monster was used as an Xyz Material: All Xyz Monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK.
All "Gagaga" monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK for each "Gagaga" monster you currently control, until your next Standby Phase. You can only activate 1 "Gagagatag" per turn.
Special Summon 1 "Gagaga" monster from your hand as a Level 4 monster.
All EARTH monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.
If you control a "Galaxy" Xyz Monster: Discard 1 card; draw 2 cards, also if you activated this card, any damage your opponent takes for the rest of this turn is halved. You can only activate 1 "Galactic Charity" per turn.
Target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Galaxy Cyclone" once per turn.
If you control a Level 5 or higher "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster: Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Galaxy Expedition" per turn.
Target 1 face-up Level 7 or higher monster you control; the Levels of all other face-up monsters you currently control become the current Level of that monster, until the End Phase.
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster on the field that has no Xyz Material; destroy that target.
Pay 2000 LP, then target 1 "Photon" monster in your GY; Special Summon both it and 1 "Galaxy" monster from your Deck, with the same Level, both in Defense Position, and if you do, each monster's ATK become 2000, also their effects are negated. You can only activate 1 "Galaxy Trance" per turn. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Photon" and "Galaxy" monsters.
Each time you Xyz Summon: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Target 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-up Attack Position and equip it with this card. It cannot attack or activate its effects. If it would be destroyed during the Battle Phase, you can destroy this card instead. When this card leaves the field: The equipped monster's ATK becomes 0. You can only activate 1 "Galaxy Zero" per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Garma Sword". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand.
Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 2 Bushido Counters on this card. You can remove Bushido Counters from your side of the field to activate these effects. ● 2 Counters: Target 1 face-up "Six Samurai" or "Shien" Effect Monster; that target gains 500 ATK until the End Phase. ● 4 Counters: Add 1 "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. ● 6 Counters: Target 1 "Shien" Effect Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
When this card is activated: Add 1 "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster or 1 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster from your Deck to your hand. Each time a Monster Card(s) is sent from the hand or field to the Graveyard, place 1 Spell Counter on this card for each of those cards (max. 6). Once per turn: You can remove 3 Spell Counters from this card; add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Gateway to Chaos" per turn.
Target 1 "Dark World" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Set).
Add 1 "Gather Your Mind" card from your Deck to your hand. Your Deck is then shuffled. You can only use 1 "Gather Your Mind" per turn.
During your Draw Phase, before you draw: You can give up your normal draw this turn, and if you do, add 1 Equip Spell from your Deck or GY to your hand. If you control an Equip Spell: You can place 1 FIRE Warrior monster or 1 Gemini monster from your GY on the bottom of the Deck; draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Gearbreed" once per turn.
Target 2 or more "Geargiano" monsters with different names in your Graveyard; Special Summon them. Immediately after this card resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using all the Summoned monsters (but no other monsters) as Materials. You can only activate 1 "Geargia Change" per turn.
Both players can Normal Summon "Ancient Gear" monsters for 1 less Tribute. When this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Ancient Gear" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Fusion Summon 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Gem-Knight" monster from your Graveyard; add this card to your hand.
Tribute 1 face-up Level 4 Gemini monster, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, draw 1 card.
Reveal 1 "Generaider" monster in your hand, and if you do, add up to 2 "Generaider" Spells/Traps with different names from your Deck to your hand, except "Generaider Quest", then place the revealed card on the bottom of the Deck. You can only activate 1 "Generaider Quest" per turn.
While you control a Token, your opponent's monsters cannot target "Generaider" Effect Monsters for attacks. If a "Generaider" Effect Monster is destroyed by battle: Your opponent draws 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Generaider Reward" once per turn.
Once per turn, if your opponent adds a card(s) from the Deck to their hand (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Generaider" monster from your Deck in Defense Position. During your opponent's turn, if you Special Summon a "Generaider" monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon as many "Generaider Tokens" (Fairy/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1500/DEF 1500) as possible in Attack Position, but destroy them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Generaider Stage" once per turn.
If you control an Xyz Monster: Add 1 "Xyz" card from your Deck to your hand.
If your LP are lower than your opponent's: Take 1 "Elemental HERO" monster, "Kuriboh" monster, or "Neo-Spacian" monster from your Deck or GY, whose ATK is less than or equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent's, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it, but you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Generation Next" per turn.
The ATK of a non Machine-Type monster equipped with this card is decreased by 300 points at each of its Standby Phases.
During the Main Phase: Target 1 Zombie Synchro Monster you control; Special Summon 1 of your Zombie monsters with the same Attribute that is banished or in your GY, but banish the Summoned monster during the End Phase, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters. You can only activate 1 "Ghost Meets Girl - A Mayakashi's Story" per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster: Discard 1 Zombie monster; Special Summon 1 "Shiranui" monster with a different name from your Deck or GY, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters. You can only activate 1 "Shiranui Setting Story" per turn.
Monsters cannot attack face-down Defense Position monsters, but can attack directly if all monsters their opponent controls are face-down Defense Position. All effect damage, and battle damage inflicted by monsters other than "Ghostrick" monsters, is halved.
Monsters you control, except "Ghostrick" monsters, cannot attack. Monsters cannot attack face-down Defense Position monsters, but can attack directly if all monsters their opponent controls are face-down Defense Position. At the end of the Damage Step, change any monster that inflicted battle damage to a player during this battle to face-down Defense Position.
Monsters cannot attack face-down Defense Position monsters, but can attack directly if all monsters their opponent controls are face-down Defense Position. Your opponent takes no damage. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can add 1 "Ghostrick" card from your Deck to your hand.
During damage calculation, if a player would take battle damage: You can make neither player take any battle damage from that battle, and if you do, send 1 Level 4 or lower Insect monster from your Deck to the GY, then, if you sent a Normal Monster this way, you can Special Summon any number of monsters with the same name as that monster, from your hand, Deck, and/or GY. If a monster(s) you control is sent to the GY by an opponent's card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 Insect Normal Monster from your GY. You can only use each effect of "Giant Ballpark" once per turn.
Return all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the hand.
Each player banishes 1 card from their Deck, face-down. During the End Phase of this turn, each player adds the card banished by their opponent to their hand.
Send 1 monster on your side of the field to the Graveyard. Select 1 monster on your side of the field. The selected monster gains ATK equal to the ATK of the sent monster until the end of this turn.
During your opponent's Standby Phase: You can have as many monsters your opponent controls as possible gain 600 ATK (even if this card leaves the field), then destroy as many monsters your opponent controls as possible with 2500 or more ATK, and if you do, gain 500 LP for each destroyed monster. You can only use this effect of "Gingerbread House" once per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Gishki" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. You can shuffle this card from the Graveyard into the Deck to target 1 "Gishki" Ritual Monster in your Graveyard; return that target to your hand.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Gishki" Ritual Monster. You must also pay Life Points equal to the Level of the Ritual Summoned monster x 500 (when this card resolves).
During the Battle Phase: Shuffle into the Deck, from your hand, field, or GY, the Fusion Materials that are listed on a "Gladiator Beast" Fusion Monster, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Gladiator Beast United" per turn. You cannot declare attacks the turn you activate this card, except with "Gladiator Beast" monsters.
Equip only to a "Gladiator Beast" monster. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead. When this card is sent to your Graveyard because the equipped monster you controlled was shuffled into your Deck: Return this card to your hand.
Equip only to a "Gladiator Beast" monster. It gains 300 ATK. When the equipped monster is returned from your side of the field to the Deck and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.
Equip only to a "Gladiator Beast" monster. When it attacks, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card at the end of the Damage Step. When the equipped monster is returned from your side of the field to the Deck and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.
Equip only to a "Gladiator Beast" monster. It cannot be destroyed by battle (Damage calculation is applied normally). When the equipped monster is returned from your side of the field to the Deck and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.
Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand or GY, with a different Type from the monsters you control. It cannot be destroyed by battle.
Shuffle 2 "Gladiator Beast" cards from your hand into the Deck, then draw 3 cards.
Add 1 Level 4 or lower "Gladiator Beast" monster from your Deck to your hand.
"Gladiator Beast" monsters you control cannot be targeted by your your opponent card's effect, except during the Battle Phase. If a "Gladiator Beast" monster is Special Summoned from your Deck: You can Special Summon in Defense Position from your Deck, 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster whose Type is different from the monsters you control. You can only use this effect of "Gladiator Rejection" once per turn.
If a face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster is on the field, activate 1 of these effects: ● Select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and change its battle position. ● Select 1 face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster your opponent controls, and take control of it until the End Phase.
Target 3 "Gladiator Beast" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 targets into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
If this card is equipped to a Fairy monster, it gains 1000 ATK. If this card is equipped to a non-Fairy monster, it cannot attack, also it loses 1000 ATK. If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster is destroyed: You can target 1 "Prinzessin" you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Glass Slippers" once per turn.
If you control no monsters: Target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then draw 1 card. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 card from your hand to it as material. You can only use each effect of "Glorious Numbers" once per turn.
Target 1 "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip it with 1 Equip Spell from your Deck that can equip to that target. You can only activate 1 "Glory of the Noble Knights" per turn.
Equip only to a "Blackwing" monster. It gains 500 ATK/DEF. You can only use each of the following effects of "Glowing Crossbow" once per turn.  ● If the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.  ● If this card is sent to the GY because the equipped monster was used as Synchro Material: You can add this card to your hand.
During each of your End Phases: Reveal the bottom card of your Deck, then place it on the top of the Deck or banish it face-down.
Inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points and increase your Life Points by 500 points.
Increase your Life Points by 600 points.
When this card is activated: If all monsters you control are "Valkyrie" monsters (min. 1), you can add 1 "Goddess Verdande's Guidance" from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can look at the top 3 cards of your opponent's Deck, and if you do, place them on top of their Deck in any order, but you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Fairy monsters. You can only activate 1 "Goddess Skuld's Oracle" per turn.
Your opponent cannot target "Valkyrie" monsters you control with card effects, also they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn: You can declare 1 card name, then target 1 Set card your opponent controls; reveal the Set card, and if it was the declared card, banish it. Otherwise, banish 1 card you control.
When this card is activated: If all monsters you control are "Valkyrie" monsters (min. 1), you can add 1 "Goddess Urd's Verdict" from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can declare 1 type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); reveal the top card of your opponent's Deck and if it was the declared type, they Set it to their field. Otherwise, they add it to their hand. You can only activate 1 "Goddess Verdande's Guidance" per turn.
While you control 2 or more "Gogogo" monsters, you take no effect damage. Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving a "Gogogo" monster you control: You can activate this effect; that monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle.
Add 2 cards from your hand to your opponent's hand, then draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Gold Moon Coin" per turn.
Banish 1 card from your Deck, face-up. During your second Standby Phase after this card's activation, add that card to your hand.
Activate only if you control a "Bamboo Sword" Equip Spell Card. Draw 2 cards.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, you must banish 10 cards from the top of your Deck face-down (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck that specifically lists the card "Golden Castle of Stromberg" in its text. You cannot Normal Summon/Set the turn you activate this effect (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Golden Castle of Stromberg" once per turn. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy the attacking monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK that monster had on the field.
Select 1 face-up "Karakuri" monster on the field. It gains 500 ATK and 1500 DEF, until the End Phase.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Malacoda, Netherlord of the Burning Abyss". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 6 or more. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard and send 1 "Burning Abyss" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 "Burning Abyss" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Good & Evil in the Burning Abyss" once per turn.
Target 1 "Aesir" monster you control; give control of that monster to your opponent. During your opponent's next End Phase, destroy that monster, and if you do, banish all cards your opponent controls.
If you control an "X-Saber" Synchro Monster: You can target 2 "X-Saber" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon both targets, ignoring their Summoning conditions, but change their ATK to 0, also destroy them during the End Phase of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Gottoms' Second Call" per turn. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
When this card is activated: Place 3 counters on it. If your "Gouki" monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Remove 1 counter from this card. At the end of the Battle Phase, if the last counter was removed from this card by its own effect: You can Special Summon as many "Gouki" monsters as possible with different names from your hand and/or Deck, then place 3 counters on this card.
Target 1 "Gouki" card you control and 1 "Gouki" monster in your GY; destroy that card on the field, and if you do, Special Summon that other monster from the GY. You can only activate 1 "Gouki Face Turn" per turn.
Target 1 "Gouki" Link Monster you control; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to its Link Rating x 1000, and if it does, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot declare attacks, except with "Gouki" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Gouki Finisher" per turn.
Target 2 "Gouki" monsters in your GY with different Levels; Special Summon them in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Gouki Re-Match" per turn.
Draw 3 cards, then discard 2 cards.
Roll a six-sided die. All monsters you currently control gain ATK and DEF equal to the result x 100, until the End Phase.
If you control "Macro Cosmos": Inflict 300 damage to your opponent and destroy all monsters on the field.
Select up to 2 Monster Card(s) from your opponent's Graveyard. Remove the selected card(s) from play.
Your opponent must send 1 card from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard to declare an attack.
Target 2 "Gravekeeper's" monsters in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand. This effect cannot be negated by the effect of "Necrovalley".
The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. Monsters your opponent controls cannot change their battle positions.
Equip only to a Machine-Type monster. Once per turn: You can activate this effect; it permanently gains 400 ATK. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field or if the monster becomes unaffected by card effects.) If it battles an opponent's monster, that monster's effect is negated during the Battle Phase only.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses ATK equal to its DEF until the end of this turn.
You can target 1 other "Graydle" card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. During your End Phase: You can add 1 "Graydle" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Graydle Impact" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Activate only if you destroyed a face-up Synchro Monster controlled by your opponent this turn, either by battle or by a card effect. Draw 2 cards.
Equip only to a Cyberse monster you control. It gains 300 ATK, also it is unaffected by your opponent's card effects. The first time the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can activate this effect; Cyberse monsters you currently control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects until the end of this turn.
Select 2 Monster Card Zones on the field. Neither player can use the selected zones. You cannot select a zone that is occupied by a Monster Card.
Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on your side of the field. Increase your Life Points by the number of destroyed cards x 500 points.
Select 1 monster on the field. If it is changed to Defense Position this turn, draw 1 card.
Activate this card by discarding 5 cards; draw 2 cards. While this card is on the field, draw 2 cards instead of 1 for your normal draw during your Draw Phase.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Link Monsters listed on it from your field or GY as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Guardragon Reincarnation" per turn.
You can target 1 Dragon monster you control; it gains ATK/DEF equal to the total Link Rating of all Link Monsters on the field x 100, until the end of your opponent's turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Barrier" once per turn. Once per turn, if exactly 1 Dragon monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send 1 Normal Monster from your hand or Deck to the GY instead.
A WIND monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.
Select 3 "Scrap" monsters in your Graveyard. Your opponent picks 1 of them, you Special Summon it to either player's side of the field, and remove the rest from play.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; until the end of this turn, it gains 500 ATK, and if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it cannot be destroyed by battle this turn, but its ATK is halved until the End Phase.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Hungry Burger". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.
Destroy 1 face-up Attack Position monster with the highest ATK. (If it is a tie, you get to choose.)
Each player sends 2 cards from their hand to the GY, then draws 2 cards.
If your opponent has 2 cards in their Pendulum Zones: Target those 2 cards; while both targets are in their Pendulum Zones, you can Pendulum Summon using their Pendulum Scales this turn, but only from the Extra Deck.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it becomes Level 4 until the End Phase.
If you control 3 or more "Harpie Lady" and/or "Harpie Lady Sisters": Target as many monsters your opponent controls as possible, but not more than the total number of "Harpie Lady" and "Harpie Lady Sisters" you control; destroy those targets, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the highest original ATK among those destroyed monsters (your choice, if tied). You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Main Deck or Extra Deck, nor conduct your Battle Phase, the turn you activate this card.
Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Target 3 "Harpie Lady" and/or "Harpie Lady Sisters" in your GY; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card. If you controlled a Level 5 or higher "Harpie" monster when you activated this effect, draw 2 cards instead. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except WIND monsters. You can only activate 1 "Harpie's Feather Rest" per turn.
All Winged Beast-Type monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF. When any "Harpie Lady" or "Harpie Lady Sisters" are Normal or Special Summoned: The player who conducted the Summon targets 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
You can Normal Summon "Hazy Flame" monsters for 1 less Tribute. Once per turn: You can target 1 Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Hazy Flame" monster from your hand or your side of the field to that Xyz Monster as an Xyz Material.
If the equipped monster's ATK is 1300 or higher, this card is destroyed. The monster equipped with this card is not destroyed as a result of battle or by the effect of a card that targets the monster. (Damage calculation is applied normally.)
During your Draw Phase, when you draw a Normal Monster(s): You can reveal it; draw 1 more card.
This card can only be activated at the start of Main Phase 1. Neither player can Normal or Special Summon an Effect Monster, until your next Draw Phase.
The first time each DARK Machine monster you control would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed, and if you took battle damage from the battle, it gains that much ATK after damage calculation, and keeps that ATK gain as long as this card is on the field. Once per turn, if a monster you control that was originally a DARK Machine destroys a card(s) on the field by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 DARK Machine monster from your hand.
Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
Pay 1500 LP and declare 1 Monster Type and 1 Attribute; your opponent must send 1 face-up monster with the declared Type and Attribute from their field to the GY, if possible. For the rest of this turn, your opponent cannot activate the effects of monsters with that sent monster's name. You can only activate 1 "Herald of the Abyss" per turn.
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 2 "Heraldic Beast" monsters from your Deck in Defense Position, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Psychic and Machine monsters. You can only activate 1 "Heraldry Charge" per turn.
Target 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Once per turn, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Gemini monster from your hand.
Add 1 "Noble Knight" monster or 1 "Noble Arms" card from your Deck or GY to your hand. If your "Noble Knight" monster equipped with a "Noble Arms" Equip Spell is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Heritage of the Chalice" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Banish "H - Heated Heart", "E - Emergency Call", "R - Righteous Justice" and "O - Oversoul" from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster from your Deck. All "Elemental HERO" Normal Monsters you currently control can attack your opponent directly this turn.
Target 1 face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control; halve its ATK until the end of this turn, but it can attack twice during this turn's Battle Phase.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; send 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, that target's name becomes the sent monster's name, until the End Phase.
If there is a face-up "HERO" monster on the field: Special Summon 2 Level 4 or lower "Elemental HERO" monsters from your hand.
Target 1 face-up "Heroic" monster you control; this turn, double its ATK, but it cannot attack your opponent directly. You can only activate 1 "Heroic Chance" per turn.
Each "tellarknight" Xyz Monster gains 200 ATK and DEF for each Xyz Material attached to it. When a "tellarknight" Xyz Monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can send 1 "tellarknight" card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate that attack.
Return all Set Spells and Traps on the field to the hand.
Banish 1 "Speedroid" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 Synchro Monster you control; until the end of this turn, change its Level to the banished monster's Level, and it gains ATK equal to that monster's Level x 500.
Send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard; add 1 Equip Spell Card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. You cannot Normal Summon/Set during the turn you activate this card.
Activate only if both a "Gravekeeper's" monster and "Necrovalley" are on the field. Neither player can Special Summon monsters, except "Gravekeeper's" monsters. If either a "Gravekeeper's" monster or "Necrovalley" is not on the field, destroy this card.
If a "Ninja" monster is Summoned to your field: You can target 1 "Ninja" monster or 1 "Ninjitsu Art" card in your GY; add it to your hand, but you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this turn. If a "Ninja" monster(s) or "Ninjitsu Art" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can banish 1 "Ninja" monster from your GY instead. You can only use each effect of "Hidden Village of Ninjitsu Arts" once per turn.
Add 1 "Hieratic" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Special Summon 1 "Hieratic" monster from your hand.
Pay 1000 Life Points. During the current Duel, your hand size limit becomes 7.
Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Special Summon 3 "Hippo Tokens" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), but they cannot be Tributed. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while a "Hippo Token" is in a Monster Zone. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks, except "Hippo Tokens".
Increase the DEF of a monster equipped with this card by 800 points. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard, if you pay 500 Life Points, this card returns to the top of your Deck.
The equipped monster gains 700 ATK and DEF. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Return it to the top of the Deck.
Equip only to a Level 3 or lower WATER monster. If it destroys an opponent's monster by battle, send 1 random card from your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Saffira, Queen of Dragons". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 6 or more. If a Ritual Monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect while this card is in your Graveyard, you can banish this card instead.
Banish 2 monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set from your hand and/or face-up field, face-down; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Hypernova Burst" per turn.
When this card is activated: Add 1 "Elegant Egotist" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. During the End Phase of the turn this card was sent from the field or hand to the Graveyard: Add up to 3 "Harpie" cards with different names from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Hysteric Sign" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Reveal any number of Pendulum Monsters from your hand and shuffle them into the Deck, then draw cards equal to the number of cards you shuffled into the Deck +1. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot draw cards by card effects. You can only activate 1 "Igknight Reload" per turn.
Target 1 "Igknight" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Igknight" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Igknights Unite" per turn.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "@Ignister" monster from your hand, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon other monsters with that same original Attribute by the effect of "Ignister A.I.Land", and you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Cyberse monsters (even if this card leaves the field). If this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 "@Ignister" monster from your GY; Set this card to your field. You can only use this effect of "Ignister A.I.Land" once per turn.
All "Igknight" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Igknight" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, add 1 "Igknight" card from your Deck to your hand.
If a monster(s) was destroyed during this turn, while you controlled it: Excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, then you can Special Summon 1 excavated "Performapal" monster, also shuffle the rest back into your Deck.
Tribute 1 Spellcaster-Type monster; add up to 2 copies of "Dark Magician" from your Deck and/or Graveyard to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Illusion Magic" per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute "Impcantation" monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If this card is in your GY: You can send 1 "Impcantation" card from your hand or face-up field to the GY, except "Impcantation Inception"; Special Summon 1 "Impcantation" monster from your Deck, then add this card from the GY to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Impcantation Inception" once per turn.
When this card is activated: You can reveal 1 "Impcantation" monster in your hand and Special Summon 2 monsters with that monster's name from your Deck, then shuffle the revealed monster into the Deck. Once per turn, if a Ritual Monster is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only activate 1 "Impcantation Thanatosis" per turn.
Select 1 monster on your side of the field to activate this card. While you have 2 or more monsters on your side of the field, and all monsters on your side of the field are in Defense Position, the selected monster gains 700 DEF. When the selected monster is removed from the field, destroy this card.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Legendary Flame Lord". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand.
Your "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monsters cannot be destroyed by battle. When you take damage by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can Tribute 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand or field; Special Summon 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand. (This is treated as a Ritual Summon.) You can only use this effect of "Incarnated Machine Angel" once per turn.
Target face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster you control gains 500 ATK until the End Phase. While this card is in your Graveyard, you can return 2 "Gladiator Beast" cards from your Graveyard to the Deck to return this card to your hand.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster you control; it can attack your opponent directly this turn. Send it to the Graveyard at the end of the Battle Phase.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Infernity" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. You can send this card to the Graveyard, then target up to 2 "Infernity" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them. You must have no cards in your hand to activate and to resolve this effect.
Target 1 "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" in your Monster Zone; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK. "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" cannot attack the turn you activate this card.
When exactly 1 monster with 1500 or less ATK is Special Summoned to your field while your opponent controls a face-up monster: Special Summon as many monsters as possible with the same name as the Summoned monster, from your hand, Deck, and Graveyard, in Attack Position, also your opponent Special Summons as many monsters as possible with the same name as 1 of their face-up monsters, from their hand, Deck, and Graveyard.
When you take 3000 or more Battle Damage from 1 attack, you can activate this card. Remove all monsters in each player's Deck and Graveyard from play.
All face-up "lswarm" monsters you currently control are unaffected by other Spell/Trap effects this turn.
There is no limit to the number of cards in players' hands.
Equip only to an Insect-Type monster. It gains 700 ATK.
Insect-Type monsters your opponent controls cannot declare an attack.
Tribute 1 monster. Special Summon 1 Insect-Type monster from your Deck whose Level is 1 higher than the Tributed monster's.
When your opponent's monster declares an attack, you can remove from play 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard to negate the attack.
During your opponent's Standby Phase, you can randomly select 1 card in your opponent's hand and look at it at the cost of 500 Life Points.
Pay 1000 LP; Special Summon 1 Level 5 or lower Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, but it cannot attack, also is destroyed during the End Phase. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) You can only activate 1 "Instant Fusion" per turn.
Equip only to a Fusion Monster that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as a Fusion Material Monster. It does not have to activate its effect during the End Phase to shuffle itself into the Extra Deck. If the equipped monster leaves the field: You can Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO Neos" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
All Synchro Monsters on the field are changed to Defense Position. And then, return all face-up Synchro Monsters to the Extra Deck during the End Phase.
Destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, then Special Summon in Attack Position, 2 "Kaiju" monsters with different names from your Deck (1 on each side), but they cannot change their battle positions, and must attack, if able. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Kaiju" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Interrupted Kaiju Slumber" per turn.
If you have 3 or more cards in your hand: Draw 1 card, and if you do, during the End Phase of this turn, discard your entire hand.
An EARTH monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand as Fusion Materials. If Summoning an "Invoked" Fusion Monster this way, you can also banish monsters from your field and/or either player's Graveyard as Fusion Materials. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished "Aleister the Invoker"; shuffle this card into the Deck, and if you do, add that card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Invocation" once per turn.
Equip only to an "Inzektor" monster. It gains 1000 ATK. When the equipped monster declares an attack, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards.
Equip only to an "Inzektor" monster. It gains 500 ATK. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activation of the equipped monster's effects.
Equip only to an "Inzektor" monster. It gains 800 ATK and DEF. When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 "Inzektor" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
When this card is activated: Send 1 monster you control to the GY, or if "Golden Castle of Stromberg" is in a Field Zone, you can send 1 monster your opponent controls to the GY, instead. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: You can target the monster that was sent to the GY by this card's effect; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that monster to your field. You can only activate 1 "Iron Cage" per turn.
If you control a Machine-Type monster: Target 1 Level 4 or lower Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. Its effects are negated. Destroy it during the End Phase.
Equip only to a "Koa'ki Meiru" monster. During damage calculation only, monsters that battle with the equipped monster lose ATK equal to the equipped monster's Level x 100. If the equipped monster would be destroyed during the End Phase, you can send this card to the Graveyard instead.
Select and send 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your Deck to your Graveyard.
During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard, you can add this card to your hand instead of drawing, and/or send 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your hand to your Graveyard to add this card to your hand.
During each of your End Phases, destroy this card unless you reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand. Each time a "Koa'ki Meiru" monster on the field is destroyed during the End Phase, its owner can add 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from their Deck to their hand.
If you control exactly 2 Machine Effect Monsters and no other monsters: Draw 2 cards. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you can only Special Summon once. You can only activate 1 "Iron Draw" per turn.
When this card is activated: Shuffle this card from the field into the Deck. When this card in your possession is sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Banish this card. If 3 of your "Jackpot 7" are currently banished, and were all banished by this effect, you win the Duel.
Your opponent selects 1 Insect-Type Monster from their Deck. After shuffling the Deck, place the card on top of the Deck.
During each of your Standby Phases: Special Summon 1 "Slime Token" (Aqua-Type/WATER/LEVEL 1/ATK 500/DEF 500) in Attack Position. You cannot Summon any monsters, except "Slime Tokens" (but you can Set).
You can only activate this card when "Pot of Greed" is activated. Negate the effect of the "Pot of Greed" and draw 1 card from your Deck.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Javelin Beetle". You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal 8 or more.
If exactly 1 monster is banished from your Graveyard (and no other cards are banished at the same time), except during the Damage Step: You can send, from your Deck to the Graveyard, 1 monster that has a different Attribute from that banished monster. You can only use the effect of "Jewels of the Valiant" once per turn.
When the equipped monster destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's ATK in the Graveyard.
Select and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard. Destroy it during the End Phase.
Target 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only activate 1 "Junk Puppet" per turn.
All Dinosaur-Type monsters gain 300 ATK and DEF.
If there is 1 or more monster(s) on the field of the controller of this card, his/her opponent cannot place a monster on the field if his/her number of monsters would exceed the number of monsters that are on the field of this card's controller. The cards that are already on the field before this card's activation are unaffected by this effect.
Activate only if there is at least 1 face-up "Chu-Ske the Mouse Fighter", "Monk Fighter", or "Master Monk" on your side of the field. Destroy the monster(s)that battle with these monsters on your side of the field this turn, at the end of each Damage Step.
Each time a "Karakuri" monster's battle position is changed, place 1 Karakuri Counter on this card (max. 2). You can send this card from the field to the Graveyard to draw 1 card for each Karakuri Counter on this card.
Select 1 face-up "Karakuri" monster you control. Add 1 Level 4 or lower "Karakuri" monster from your Deck to your hand, and change the battle position of the selected monster.
Activate only during the Battle Phase. Select 2 face-up "Karakuri" monsters in Attack Position. Change 1 of the selected monsters to Defense Position, and the other gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster changed to Defense Position, until the End Phase.
When a face-up "Karakuri" monster you control selects an opponent's face-up monster as an attack target, you can change the target's battle position. When this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can select 1 Level 4 or higher "Karakuri" monster in your Graveyard, and Special Summon it.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Karakuri" monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. Once per turn, if the battle position of a face-up "Karakuri" monster you control is changed: The equipped monster gains 500 ATK/DEF. You can only activate 1 "Karakuri Toad Oil" per turn.
Target up to 3 monsters of the same Type in your opponent's Graveyard; banish them, and if you do, 1 "Buster Blader" monster or 1 "Destruction Sword" monster you control gains 500 ATK and DEF for each of those banished monsters, until the end of this turn. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can discard 1 "Destruction Sword" card; add this card to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Karma of the Destruction Swordsman" once per turn.
Monsters on your side of the field cannot be destroyed in a battle if the monsters' ATK are equal.
Tribute 1 face-up "Dark Magician"; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician Knight" from your hand, Deck or Graveyard.
Tribute 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster to add 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand to select 1 face-up monster on the field. Destroy that monster, and both players take 1000 damage.
Equip only to a Psychic-Type "Kozmo" monster. It gains 500 ATK and DEF, it can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase, also if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can pay 800 LP; add this card to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Kozmo Lightsword" once per turn.
Once per turn: You can target 1 of your banished "Kozmo" monsters; return it to the hand, and if you do, lose LP equal to its original Level x 100. Once per turn: You can reveal any number of "Kozmo" monsters in your hand and shuffle them into the Deck, then draw cards equal to the number of cards you shuffled into the Deck. If this card in the Field Zone is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "Kozmo" card from your Deck to your hand.
Send 1 Level 9 monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Kujikiri Amulet" per turn.
Each time a card(s) is sent from the field to the Graveyard, place 1 Kaiju Counter on this card for each sent card (max. 5). Once per turn, while 3 or more Kaiju Counters are on this card: You can add 1 "Kaiju" monster from your Deck to your hand. If this card would be destroyed, you can remove 1 Kaiju Counter from this card instead.
All face-up monsters on the field become DARK. Once per turn, if you would Tribute a monster you control to activate a card effect, you can Tribute 1 DARK monster your opponent controls, even though you do not control it. Once per turn, during the End Phase: Special Summon as many "Torment Tokens" (Fiend/DARK/Level 3/ATK 1000/DEF 1000) as possible to the turn player's field in Defense Position, up to the number of monsters Tributed this turn while this card was face-up.
Activate only if you control a face-up "Naturia" monster. The opponent's Effect Monsters cannot activate their effects this turn.
An Insect-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 "Qli" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Normal Summons of "Qli" monsters cannot be negated.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: You can target 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card and 1 appropriate "Noble Knight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that monster, and if you do, equip that Equip Spell Card to that appropriate monster. You can only activate 1 "Last Chapter of the Noble Knights" per turn.
Destroy all face-up Spellcaster-Type monsters on the field.
Target 1 other "Nephthys" card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. You can only activate 1 "Last Hope of Nephthys" per turn.
If a monster on your side of the field was sent to your Graveyard this turn, you can Special Summon 1 monster with an ATK of 1500 points or less from your Deck once during this turn. Then shuffle your Deck.
Banish 3 cards from the top of your Deck, face-down. During your 3rd Standby Phase after this card's activation, add those 3 banished cards to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Ledger of Legerdemain"" per turn.
Select 1 face-up LIGHT monster your opponent controls. All face-up Attack Position monsters you control gain ATK equal to the ATK of the selected monster, until the End Phase.
If you have 2 or more other cards in your hand: Banish your entire hand; add 1 Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You cannot Set Spell/Trap Cards during the turn you activate this card.
Return 2 Fusion Monsters from your Graveyard to the Extra Deck that list a "HERO" monster as Material; draw 3 cards. You can only activate 1 "Legacy of a HERO" per turn.
When your monster declares an attack: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; negate the attack, and if you do, destroy that card. Each player can only Set 1 Spell/Trap Card from their hand per turn. Monsters cannot attack the turn they were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. During your Draw Phase, before your draw: You can give up your normal draw this turn, and if you do, add 1 monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
Pay 2000 LP and Tribute 1 Warrior-Type monster; banish up to 3 "Legendary Dragon" Spell Cards with different names from your hand and/or Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon that many "Legendary Knight" monsters with different names from your hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Legend of Heart" per turn.
Equip only to "Chu-Ske the Mouse Fighter", "Monk Fighter", or "Master Monk". When the equipped monster destroys your opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the DEF of the destroyed monster.
Equip only to a "Six Samurai" monster. It gains 200 ATK and DEF. If it would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.
A Warrior-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Change all face-up "Wind-Up" monsters you control to face-down Defense Position.
This card's name is treated as "Umi". All WATER monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can have all WATER monsters you currently control gain Levels equal to the number of WATER monsters you currently control, until the End Phase.
Select 1 face-up "Naturia" monster you control. Its ATK becomes 3000, and its effects are negated, until the End Phase.
Select 1 face-up "LV" on the field to activate this card. Return the selected card to its owner's Deck and Special Summon 1 monster from the owner's Graveyard to their side of the field with the same name but lower "LV" (ignoring the Summoning conditions).
Send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target up to 2 face-up monsters you control; until the end of this turn, their Levels become the original Level of the monster sent to the Graveyard to activate this card.
Change all face-up Level 4 or higher monsters to Defense Position.
Your opponent draws 2 cards. Special Summon 1 "LV" monster from your Graveyard, ignoring the Summoning conditions. The monster that was Special Summoned by this effect cannot attack, nor activate or apply its effect this turn.
Reduce the Level of all face-up monsters you control by 1 until the End Phase.
Send 1 face-up "LV" monster you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck that is listed in the sent monster's text, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
During your Standby Phase, toss a coin. If the result is Tails, the following effects are negated until your next Standby Phase: ● When you Summon an "Arcana Force" monster, choose which effect to apply without tossing a coin. If an "Arcana Force" monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you gain Life Points equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK.
Equip only to a LIGHT Warrior-Type monster. Remove from play any monsters that battle with it at the end of Damage Step.
Pay 800 Life Points, then target 1 of your banished LIGHT monsters; add that target to your hand.
When a monster's attack is negated: Activate 1 of these effects;  ● It becomes the End Phase of this turn.  ● Target 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster you control; its ATK becomes double its original ATK until the end of this turn.  If a "Utopia" Xyz Monster you control would detach exactly 1 Xyz Material to activate its effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead.
Once per turn, you can add 1 Level 7 or higher monster from your hand to your Deck and shuffle it, then draw 1 card.
Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. It gains 800 ATK. All WATER monsters lose 500 ATK.
If you control no face-up cards: Activate 1 of these effects;  ● Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.  ● Destroy all Spell/Traps your opponent controls.  You can only activate 1 "Lightning Storm" per turn.
Discard 1 card; destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls.
Equip only to a "Lightsworn" monster. It gains 700 ATK. When this card is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Lightsworn" monster you control; equip this card to that target.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 other "Lightsworn" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. Each time a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard, place 1 Shine Counter on this card. If a "Lightsworn" card(s) you control would be destroyed by a card effect, you can remove 2 Shine Counters from your side of the field for each of those "Lightsworn" card(s) instead.
Select 1 Level 4 LIGHT monster you control. It is treated as a Tuner monster while it is face-up on the field.
Return 1 Tuner Synchro Monster and 1 non-Tuner Synchro Monster you control to the Extra Deck; Special Summon 1 Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck that has a Level equal to the combined Level the 2 monsters had on the field, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Limit Overdrive" per turn.
Double the ATK of all Machine monsters you currently control, until the end of this turn. During the End Phase of this turn, destroy those monsters.
Tribute 1 monster and inflict damage to your opponent equal to half that monster's original ATK. If you activate this card, you cannot activate any other Spell Cards this turn.
Target 1 Link Monster you control in the Extra Monster Zone; move that monster you control to your Main Monster Zone it points to, then you can send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY equal to its Link Rating. You can only activate 1 "Link Back" per turn.
Target 1 Link Monster you control or in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, draw cards equal to its Link Rating, then place cards from your hand on the bottom of the Deck, in any order, equal to the number of cards you drew. You can only activate 1 "Link Bound" per turn.
If you control a Link-4 or higher monster: Destroy monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of Link-3 or higher monsters you control. You can only activate 1 "Link Hole" per turn.
Apply this effect, depending on the number of different original Attributes the Link Monsters on the field have.  ● 1: All Link Monsters you control gain 500 ATK.  ● 2: All Link Monsters your opponent controls lose 1000 ATK.  ● 3: Gain 1500 LP.  ● 4: Inflict 2000 damage to your opponent.  ● 5: Special Summon 1 monster with 2500 or more ATK from your Deck.  ● 6: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls with 3000 or less ATK.  You can only activate 1 "Link Party" per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Litmus Doom Swordsman". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, whose total Levels equal 8 or more. If this card is in the GY: You can target 1 "Litmus Doom Swordsman" in your GY; shuffle both it and this card from the GY into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Litmus Doom Ritual" once per turn.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card, but banish it when it leaves the field (even if this card has left the field). When this card leaves the field, banish the equipped monster. The equipped monster loses 1000 ATK/DEF, also its effects are negated. You can only activate 1 "Living Fossil" per turn.
All monsters on the field lose 500 ATK and DEF, except Dinosaur-Type monsters. Once per turn, if a Dinosaur-Type monster is Normal or Special Summoned (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Jurraegg Token" (Dinosaur-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your opponent's field in Defense Position. While your opponent controls a Token, they cannot target monsters on the field with card effects, except Tokens. Once per turn, if a Normal Monster(s) on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy that many Dinosaur-Type monsters in your hand and/or Deck instead.
During the End Phase, if you Summoned 2 or more "Cloudian" monsters with the same name this turn, draw 2 cards.
The equipped monster gains 500 ATK. If this face-up card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Draw 1 card.
Target 1 "Fortune Fairy" monster you control; Special Summon 1 Spellcaster monster from your hand or Deck, whose original Level is 1 lower than that monster's, also during your next turn after this card resolves, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters, except Spellcaster monsters. You can only activate 1 "Lucky Loan" per turn.
Pay 2000 LP and declare 1 Monster Card name; your opponent looks at their Deck, reveals 1 of the declared monsters if there is any, and applies 1 of these effects. ● Add it to the hand of the player who activated this card. ● The player who activated this card Special Summons it to their field in Attack Position, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of Photon Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal exactly 4. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; banish monsters from your Graveyard whose total Levels equal exactly 4, and Special Summon 1 "Paladin of Photon Dragon" from your hand after that. (This Special Summon is treated as a Ritual Summon.)
All LIGHT monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.
Target 1 "Lunalight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then discard 1 card; add 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Fusion Summon 1 "Lunalight" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If your opponent controls a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, you can also use up to 1 "Lunalight" monster in your Deck or Extra Deck as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Lunalight Fusion" per turn.
Once per turn, when a Machine monster is destroyed by battle and sent to your GY: You can Special Summon 1 Machine monster from your Deck that has the same Attribute and less ATK than that destroyed monster in the GY.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field and/or shuffle Fairy or Warrior-Type monsters from your Graveyard into the Deck, whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If a LIGHT monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect while this card is in your Graveyard, you can banish this card instead.
All Machine-Type monsters on the field gain 200 ATK. Each time a face-up Machine-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect, place 2 Junk Counters on this card. You can send this card to the Graveyard, then target 1 Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Junk Counters that were on this card; Special Summon that target.
A Machine-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Target 1 Machine-Type monster you control with 500 or less ATK; Special Summon up to 2 monsters from your Deck with the same name as that monster.
When this card is activated: Shuffle all "Madolche" monsters in your Graveyard into the Deck. All "Madolche" monsters on the field gain 500 ATK and DEF. If a monster(s) in your Graveyard would be returned to the Deck by the effect of a "Madolche" monster, you can add it to your hand instead.
When a "Madolche" card(s) is returned from your side of the field or Graveyard to your hand or Main Deck by a card effect: Add 1 "Madolche" monster from your Deck to your hand. If you control a face-up Fairy-Type "Madolche" monster, you can Special Summon the monster from your Deck in face-up Attack Position instead of adding it to your hand. You can only use the effect of "Madolche Ticket" once per turn.
The equipped monster gains 500 ATK and DEF for each Spell/Trap Card you control.
Equip only to "Dark Magician" or "Dark Magician Girl". It gains 700 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Gain 1000 LP.
If you control 2 or more Spellcaster monsters: Change 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls to Defense Position, then take control of it, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle.
Send 1 face-up Continuous Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards.
Target 1 face-up Spell Card you control; place 1 counter on it. If it would ever be destroyed, remove the counter instead.
Reveal 3 "Ice Barrier" monsters with different names in your hand to select 1 card your opponent controls. Destroy the opponent's card and Special Summon 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your hand.
If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster: Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each Spellcaster-Type monster you currently control. During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add this card from your Graveyard to your hand.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell resolves. If a card with a Spell Counter(s) is destroyed, place its Spell Counters on this card. Once per turn, if you would activate a card effect by removing a Spell Counter(s) from your field, you can remove that many Spell Counters from this card instead. If this card would be destroyed, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card instead.
Add 1 Spell Card from your hand to your opponent's hand, then add 1 Level 7 or 8 DARK monster from your Deck to your hand.
If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster: Target 1 monster you control; Tribute that target, then Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand, then you can destroy 1 monster on the field.
Equip only to "Labyrinth Wall". You can Tribute the equipped monster; Special Summon "Wall Shadow" from your Deck.
Shuffle any number of cards from your hand into the Deck, then draw that same number of cards.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Aleister the Invoker" from your Deck to your hand. The activation of your cards and effects that include an effect that Fusion Summons a Fusion Monster cannot be negated, also your opponent's cards and effects cannot activate when a monster is Fusion Summoned this way. You can only activate 1 "Magical Meltdown" per turn.
Activate this card at the start of your Main Phase 1 or 2. During each player's Main Phase 1, monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by their opponent's card effects, also neither player can target monsters their opponent controls. You cannot activate or Set Field Spell Cards.
If you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; until the end of this turn, change its ATK/DEF to 0, also it has its effects negated. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Cross-Domination" per turn.
Target 1 "Magical Musket" monster you control; its ATK/DEF become double its original ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. It cannot attack directly during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Steady Hands" per turn.
Draw a number of cards equal to the number of face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls, then discard a number of cards equal to the number of face-up Spell/Trap Cards you control. Until the end of your opponent's next turn after this card resolves, Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls cannot be destroyed (by battle or card effect), also their activation and effects cannot be negated. You can only activate 1 "Magical Spring" per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster(s) and you control as many or fewer monsters: Monsters currently on the field gain ATK equal to the combined Levels of all monsters their controller currently controls x 100, until the end of this turn.
Discard 2 cards, then target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
You can only control 1 "Magicalized Duston Mop". The equipped monster cannot be Tributed, or be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. When this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Duston" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Fusion Summon 1 Spellcaster Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing materials from your field or GY. You can only activate 1 "Magicalized Fusion" per turn.
Negate the effect of your opponent's first Trap Card or effect that resolves each turn while you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, and if you do, destroy that card.
You can target 1 Level 3 or lower Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. This effect can only be used once while this card is face-up on the field. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Magician" Continuous Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Magician's Restage".
Negate the effect of your opponent's first Spell Card or effect that resolves each turn while you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, and if you do, or if it did not have an effect, destroy that card.
If you control 2 or more Attack Position Spellcaster-Type monsters: Target 1 of them; its ATK becomes 3000 until the end of this turn, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, other Spellcaster-Type monsters you control cannot attack.
Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Machine-Type monster from your hand.
Target 1 of your Machine or Rock-Type monsters, that is banished or is in your Graveyard, that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set; Special Summon it.
If you control a Level 4 or lower EARTH Rock-Type monster: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only use this effect of "Magnetic Field" once per turn. Once per turn, at the end of the Damage Step, when an EARTH Rock-Type monster you control battled an opponent's monster, but the opponent's monster was not destroyed by the battle: You can return that opponent's monster to the hand.
Tribute 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand or field, then target 1 LIGHT Fairy monster you control; it gains ATK/DEF equal to the Level the monster had when Tributed x 200, until the end of this turn. This turn, if it battles an opponent's monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, that opponent's monster's effects are negated during that Battle Phase only. You can only activate 1 "Magnificent Machine Angel" per turn.
Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. Apply this effect, depending on its battle position. ● Attack Position: It gains ATK equal to its original DEF. ● Defense Position: It gains DEF equal to its original ATK.
Tribute 1 WIND Spellcaster-Type monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy it.
Target 1 "Majespecter" monster you control; until the end of this turn, its ATK and DEF become double its current ATK and DEF, also any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is halved.
Tribute 1 WIND Spellcaster-Type monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; shuffle it into the Deck.
Send 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it cannot attack while it is face-up on the field. You can only activate 1 "Majesty with Eyes of Blue" per turn.
All "Majespecter" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. You can Tribute 1 WIND Spellcaster-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Majespecter" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Majesty's Pegasus" once per turn.
Target 1 "Summoned Skull" or Thunder-Type monster you control; destroy all monsters your opponent controls with DEF less than or equal to the ATK of that monster. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Target 1 "Malefic" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but negate its effects, also banish it during the End Phase.
Banish 2 "Malefic" cards from your GY; add from your Deck to your hand, 2 "Malefic" cards with different names from each other and those banished cards, except "Malefic Selector". You can activate 1 "Malefic Selector" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can activate 1 "Malefic World" directly from your Deck. While it is in the Field Zone, neither player can target cards in the Field Zones with card effects. The effect "There can only be 1 face-up "Malefic" monster on the field" of "Malefic" monsters becomes "There cannot be face-up "Malefic" monsters on the field with the same name". Negate the effects of "Malefic" monsters on the field during the Battle Phase only.
While this card is face-up on the field, you can activate this effect instead of conducting a normal draw during your Draw Phase. Choose 3 "Malefic" cards from your Deck and have your opponent pick 1 of them at random to add to your hand. Shuffle the rest back into your Deck.
The equipped monster gains 700 ATK. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can pay 500 LP; place this card on the top of the Deck.
Discard 1 card from your hand. Destroy all face-up Continuous Trap Cards.
Target 1 "Lightsworn" monster in your GY that has a Level; add it to your hand, then banish a number of cards from the top of your Deck equal to the original Level of that monster in your hand. You can only activate 1 "March of the Dark Brigade" per turn.
Tribute Summoned monsters you control cannot be targeted by, or destroyed by, card effects. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.
Target 1 "Aesir" monster you control; until the end of this turn, its effects are negated, also that face-up monster is unaffected by the effects of other Spell/Trap Cards.
All "Marincess" monsters you control gain 200 ATK, also they gain 600 ATK for each equipped "Marincess" card. Monsters you control in the Extra Monster Zone that were Link Summoned using "Marincess Crystal Heart" as material are unaffected by your opponent's card effects. When you Link Summon a "Marincess" Link Monster to the Extra Monster Zone: You can equip up to 3 "Marincess" Link Monsters with different names from your GY to that Link Summoned monster.
Activate this card by banishing 1 Plant-Type monster from your Graveyard; equip this card to a monster your opponent controls. Take control of the equipped monster. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Give control of the equipped monster to your opponent. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take control of the equipped monster.
While "Marshmallon" is in your Monster Zone, your opponent cannot target monsters other than "Marshmallon" for attacks.
Target 1 "HERO" monster you control; send it to the Graveyard, also, after that, if it left the field by this effect, Special Summon 1 "Masked HERO" monster from your Extra Deck with the same Attribute that the sent monster had when it was on the field (its original Attribute, if face-down).
Discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster you control that has a Level; send it to the Graveyard, also, after that, if it left the field by this effect, Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Masked HERO" monster with the same Attribute, but a higher Level than, the Attribute/Level the monster had when it was on the field (its original Attribute/Level, if face-down. This Special Summon is treated as a Special Summon with "Mask Change"). You can only activate 1 "Mask Change II" per turn.
Target 1 "HERO" monster and 1 "Change" Quick-Play Spell Card in your Graveyard; add them to your hand.
The equipped monster gains 1000 ATK and loses 1000 DEF. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 1000 LP or destroy this card.
Select 1 face-up Spell Card on the field. The controller of the Spell Card takes 500 points of damage during each of your Standby Phases. When the selected card is removed from the field, destroy this card.
The monster equipped with this card cannot attack. The controller of the equipped monster takes 500 points of damage during each of your Standby Phases.
Tribute 1 monster on your side of the field to inflict 400 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Equip only to a Cyberse monster. During damage calculation, if the equipped monster battles an opponent's monster: You can send 1 "Mathmech" monster from your Deck to the GY; the equipped monster gains ATK equal to the sent monster's, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can target 1 "Mathmech" card in your GY, except "Mathmech Divider Nayuta"; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Mathmech Divider Nayuta" once per turn.
Target 1 "Mathmech" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, and if you do, it gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Mathmech Formula" per turn.
During any Main Phase: The turn player can pay 1000 LP x the number of monsters normally needed for the Tribute Summon of a monster (max. 2000); that player Normal Summons/Sets that monster without Tributing. (This is their one Normal Summon/Set for that turn. This is not a Tribute Summon.)
During your Main Phase, you can Normal Summon 1 Level 1 LIGHT Tuner monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Once per turn: You can target 1 face-up monster you control; send 1 Normal Monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, the targeted monster gains ATK and DEF equal to the Level of the monster sent to the Graveyard x 100, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Burst Stream of Destruction" from your Deck to your hand.
Take 1 "Mayakashi" card from your Deck, except "Mayakashi Return", and either add it to your hand or send it to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Mayakashi Return" per turn.
Monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK/DEF for each "Mayakashi" monster with a different name in your GY. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Mayakashi Winter" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● Send this card and 1 "Mayakashi" monster you control to the GY; draw 1 card.  ● Banish this card and 1 Zombie monster from your GY, then target 1 "Mayakashi" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
Target 1 monster "Fur Hire" in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Mayhem Fur Hire" per turn.
Add 1 "Ice Barrier" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Remove 10 Spell Counters on your side of the field. Destroy all cards on your opponent's side of the field.
The first time each "Megalith" monster you control would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. When a "Megalith" monster is Special Summoned: Target 1 Ritual Monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Portal" once per turn.
While your LP is lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster's ATK becomes double its original ATK. While your LP is higher, the equipped monster's ATK becomes half its original ATK.
You can target 1 other card you control; destroy it, and if you do, add 1 "roid" card from your Deck to your hand. During damage calculation, if your "roid" monster battles: You can send 1 "roid" monster from your Deck to the GY; switch the original ATK and DEF of your battling monster during the damage calculation only. You can only use each effect of "Megaroid City" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters, the turn you activate either of this card's effects (even if this card leaves the field).
"Meklord Emperor" monsters you control cannot be targeted by the effects of Synchro Monsters. When this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Meklord Emperor" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Draw 1 card for each "Number" Xyz Monster you control with a different name. You can only activate 1 "Memories of Hope" per turn.
Tribute 1 "Cyber Angel" Ritual Monster from your hand or field; draw 2 cards, then place 1 card from your hand on the bottom of the Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Ritual Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Merciful Machine Angel" per turn.
During your opponent's next turn after you activate this card, your opponent cannot change the battle positions of monsters, except with a card effect.
Target 3 monsters with different Levels in your Graveyard; Special Summon all 3 of them. Their ATK's become 0, also their effects are negated. If you do not Xyz Summon this turn after Summoning those 3 monsters, you lose 4000 Life Points during the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon any other monsters, except by Xyz Summon, during the turn you activate this card.
Monsters with 1500 or more ATK cannot declare an attack. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, pay 100 LP or destroy this card.
Fusion Summon 1 "Metalfoes" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can shuffle it into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Metalfoes Fusion" once per turn.
As long as you control the monster equipped with this card, your opponent cannot use the effect of a Spell, Trap, or Effect Monster that targets 1 monster, except the equipped monster.
All "Metalfoes" monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. While a "Metalfoes" card is in your Pendulum Zone, "Metalfoes" monsters you control, except Effect Monsters, are unaffected by your opponent's card effects.
Tribute 1 monster. Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck with the same Level as the Tributed monster.
Each turn, 1 Level 5 or higher "Metaphys" monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to your "Metaphys" monsters' effect activations.
If your opponent's Life Points are higher than 3000: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
If you control "Toon World" and a Toon monster: Target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; if it is a monster, Special Summon it to your side of the field, or if it is a Spell/Trap Card, Set it to your side of the field. You can only activate 1 "Mimicat" per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster: Target 1 Level 2 or lower Defense Position monster you control; Special Summon from your Deck, in Defense Position, 1 monster with the same name as that monster on the field, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only activate 1 "Mimiclay" per turn.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls; until the End Phase, take control of that target, but it cannot declare an attack or be Tributed.
Discard 1 monster to target 1 monster of that Level your opponent controls; take control of that target until the End Phase.
Tribute 1 Level 2 or higher monster. Add 1 Tuner Monster from your Graveyard to your hand whose Level is less than or equal to half of the Tributed monster's.
Activate only if your opponent has 3 or less cards in their hand. Your opponent adds their hand to the Deck and shuffles it, then draws the same of number of cards they added to the Deck.
Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0 until the End Phase. This turn, when it is destroyed by battle and sent to their Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK in the Graveyard.
Shuffle into the Deck, from your hand, field, or GY, the Fusion Materials that are listed on an "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as Fusion Material, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
If 5 or more of your monsters are currently removed from play, return 3 of them to the Graveyard.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Normal Summon/Set during the turn you Special Summon with this effect (even if this card leaves the field). If a monster Special Summoned by this effect leaves the field, destroy this card.
Fusion Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your side of the field or your Graveyard.
All Spellcaster monsters you control gain 500 ATK/DEF for each "Fortune Fairy" monster you control with a different name. Once per turn, when an attack is declared involving your "Fortune Fairy" monster: You can draw 1 card. You can only control 1 "Miracle Stone".
Remove from play, from your side of the field or your Graveyard, the Fusion Material Monsters listed on a Fusion Monster Card that lists a Synchro Monster as a Fusion Material Monster, and Special Summon that Fusion Monster from the Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) If this Set card is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
Activate only as Chain Link 4 or higher. Select 1 monster from either player's Graveyard and Special Summon it. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in that Chain.
Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase: Draw cards until you have 4 cards in your hand. If you do, during your next Standby Phase after that: Randomly discard the same number of cards you drew (or your entire hand, if you do not have enough cards).
This card cannot be activated from your hand. Activate only when a face-up monster you control is selected as an attack target. Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
During this turn, each time a card(s) is removed from play from your hand, your side of the field, and/or your Graveyard by the effect of an opponent's Effect Monster: ● If a card in your hand is removed from play, remove from play up to 2 random cards in your opponent's hand. ● If a card you control is removed from play, remove from play up to 2 cards your opponent controls. ● If a card in your Graveyard is removed from play, remove from play up to 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard.
Equip only to a Spirit monster. The equipped monster does not have to have its effect that returns it to the hand activated. If it would be destroyed by battle, destroy this card instead.
Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this card’s activation. Cannot be activated as Chain Link 2 or higher. At the end of your Battle Phase, if all monsters you control are “Valkyrie” monsters (min. 1): Send this card to the GY, also, immediately after this effect resolves, skip to the start of the Battle Phase of your next turn. If you do, you cannot activate “Mischief of the Time Goddess” until the end of that turn.
Select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half that monster's original ATK. Your monsters cannot attack this turn.
The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle.
If your opponent has more total cards in their hand and their side of the field than you do: Target 1 face-up card on the field; neither player can activate cards with that name, or their effects, for the rest of this Duel, except that target. You can only activate 1 "Mistaken Accusation" per turn.
Until the end of your next turn after this card resolves, neither player can add cards from their Deck to their hand except by drawing them.
While a face-up "Mokey Mokey" is on your side of the field, if a Fairy-Type monster on your side of the field is destroyed, the ATK of all "Mokey Mokey" on your side of the field becomes 3000 until the end of this turn.
Send 2 "Laval" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.
All FIRE monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.
Equip only to a Reptile-Type monster. Once per turn, if the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, it is not destroyed. The equipped monster gains 300 ATK at the end of the Damage Step each time this effect is applied.
Tribute 1 monster; excavate cards from the top of your Deck until you excavate a monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set. Special Summon it, also send the other excavated cards to the Graveyard.
Target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Target 3 monsters in your GY; your opponent chooses 1, you Special Summon it, and if you do, banish the rest. You can only activate 1 "Monster Reborn Reborn" per turn.
Target 1 monster you control that is owned by you; if that monster is still on the field, shuffle it and your entire hand into the Deck, also, after that, draw cards equal to the number of cards you shuffled from your hand into the Deck by this effect. (You cannot activate this card if you have a card in your hand that is owned by your opponent.)
Discard 1 card, then target 1 monster in your GY; add it to your hand.
Target 1 face-up monster you control and 1 monster in your Graveyard with the same Level; banish the target from the Graveyard, then draw 1 card and reveal it, then if the card you drew is a monster with the same Level as the monster on the field, Special Summon it.
If the equipped monster battles your opponent's monster, during damage calculation: The equipped monster's ATK/DEF become equal to the ATK or DEF (whichever is higher) of the opponent's battling monster +100, during damage calculation only. If this face-up card is sent from the field to the GY: Pay 500 LP; place this card on either the top or bottom of your Deck.
Choose 1 player; that player gains 200 Life Points.
Each time a player equips an Equip Spell Card, increase the Life Points of the controller of that Equip Spell Card by 1000 points. Each time an Equip Spell Card is removed from the field, the controller of that Equip Spell Card takes 1000 points of damage.
Shuffle 2 WATER monsters from your hand into the Deck, then draw 3 cards.
Equip only to a Normal Summoned/Set monster you control. It is unaffected by your opponent's activated effects of Special Summoned monsters. During damage calculation, if the equipped monster battles an opponent's Special Summoned monster: That opponent's monster loses ATK/DEF equal to the equipped monster's original ATK, during that damage calculation only.
Return 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand to the Deck. Destroy 1 card on the field, and draw 1 card.
Equip only to a "Morphtronic" monster. Each time the equipped monster's battle position is changed, destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
Equip only to a Level 3 "Morphtronic" monster. Its ATK becomes double its original ATK. During your second Standby Phase after this card's activation, destroy this card, and take damage equal to the original ATK of the equipped monster.
Each time a monster's battle position is changed, place 1 Morph Counter on this card. All "Morphtronic" monsters gain 300 ATK for each Morph Counter on this card. When this card is destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your Graveyard.
Send 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand to the Graveyard and select 1 "Morphtronic" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon the selected monster and equip it with this card. The equipped monster cannot change its Battle Position. When this card is removed from the Field, destroy the equipped monster.
Equip only to a "Morphtronic" monster. If the equipped monster is destroyed, inflict damage to each player equal to its original ATK.
Level 10 or higher monsters on the field cannot be targeted or destroyed by card effects. If a Level 10 or higher monster on the field destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: The player who controlled the destroyed monster takes 1000 damage. When this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 DIVINE monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can send 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field to the Graveyard; choose 1 "Sylvan" card from your Deck and place it on top of the Deck. You can only use this effect of "Mount Sylvania" once per turn. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on either the top or bottom of your Deck.
Increase the ATK and DEF of all Dragon, Winged Beast, and Thunder-Type monsters by 200 points.
Tribute 1 Insect-Type Monster on your side of the field. Special Summon 2 "Army Ant Tokens" (Insect-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 500/DEF 1200) on your side of the field. The tokens cannot be used as a Tribute for a Tribute Summon.
Tribute 1 face-up "Kuriboh"; Special Summon as many "Kuriboh Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 300/DEF 200) as possible, in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change that target to face-down Defense Position, then you can return all Field Spell Cards on the field to the hand.
If you control a face-up "Don Zaloog": You can Special Summon any number of "Dark Scorpion" monsters from your hand, but only 1 copy of each.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card or monster effect that would destroy a monster(s) on the field (except during the Damage Step): Pay 1500 LP; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Destroy 1 monster on the field with an A-Counter. Then, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 "Alien" monster from your Deck. Destroy it during the End Phase.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls and 1 monster you control; destroy the first target, then give control of the second target to your opponent.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, your opponent cannot activate monster effects or declare an attack. If you control more monsters than your opponent does, you cannot activate monster effects or declare an attack. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if both players control the same number of monsters: Destroy this card.
Increase the ATK of all DARK monsters by 500 points and decreases their DEF by 400 points.
You cannot use 1 of your Spell & Trap Card Zones. During your Draw Phase, if you control another "Mystical Cards of Light", you can draw 2 cards instead of 1 for your normal draw.
Equip only to a Beast-Warrior-Type monster. It gains 300 ATK and DEF.
Target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; destroy that target.
Activate only as Chain Link 3 or higher. Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in the Chain.
Tribute 1 monster. Select either its ATK or DEF and gain that many Life Points.
Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY, then target 1 card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; place up to 2 Spell Counters on it. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck that you can place a Spell Counter on, and if you do, place up to 2 Spell Counters on it. You can only activate 1 "Mythical Bestiary" per turn.
Each time a face-up "Mythical Beast" Pendulum Monster Card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect, place 2 Spell Counters on this card. Once per turn: You can remove any number of Spell Counters from your field; add 1 monster from your Deck or 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand that you can place a Spell Counter on, whose Level is equal to the number of Spell Counters you removed. If this card on the field would be destroyed by a card effect, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from this card instead.
"Tindangle" monsters in your Main Monster Zone cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects. Once per turn, if your "Tindangle" monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent, the damage becomes doubled. You can banish this card from your GY and discard 1 "Tindangle" card; add 1 "Nagel's Protection" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Nagel's Protection" once per turn.
Target 1 Level 7 or Rank 7 monster you control; it gains 700 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.
Select 1 face-up Level 4 or lower Normal Monster you control. It is treated as a Tuner monster while it is face-up on the field.
If you negate the activation of a card your opponent controls, you can add 1 Level 3 or lower "Naturia" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When a monster you control that's equipped with this card is destroyed by battle, and this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can either: ● Draw 1 card. OR ● Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
Banish 1 Tuner and up to 2 non-Tuner monsters from your Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Stardust" Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level equals the total Levels of those banished monsters, but it has its effects negated. (This Special Summon is treated as a Synchro Summon.)
All "Gravekeeper's" monsters gain 500 ATK and DEF. Cards in the Graveyard cannot be banished. Negate any card effect that would move a card in the Graveyard to a different place. Negate any card effect that changes Types or Attributes in the Graveyard.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ●Add 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster from your Deck to your hand.  ●Immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster.  You can only activate 1 "Necrovalley Throne" per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Nekroz" Ritual Monster. Tribute monsters from your hand or field, then Ritual Summon 1 "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your hand or Graveyard whose Level exactly equals the total Levels of those monsters. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz Cycle" once per turn. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card and 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Graveyard; add 1 "Nekroz" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any number of "Nekroz" Ritual Monsters. Tribute 1 monster from your hand or field, or send 1 monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard, also, after that, Ritual Summon any number of "Nekroz" monsters whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of that monster. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz Kaleidoscope" once per turn. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card and 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Graveyard; add 1 "Nekroz" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Nekroz" Ritual Monster. Tribute monsters from your hand or field, and/or banish "Nekroz" monsters from your Graveyard, then Ritual Summon 1 "Nekroz" Ritual Monster from your hand whose Level exactly equals the total Levels of those monsters. You can only use this effect of "Nekroz Mirror" once per turn. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card and 1 "Nekroz" monster from your Graveyard; add 1 "Nekroz" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
"Elemental HERO Neos" and all Fusion Monsters that list "Elemental HERO Neos" as a Fusion Material Monster gain 500 ATK. Fusion Monsters that list "Elemental HERO Neos" as a Fusion Material Monster do not have to activate their effects during the End Phase that shuffle them into the Extra Deck.
Equip only to "Elemental HERO Neos". It gains 800 ATK. When it destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster in the Graveyard. During the End Phase: Shuffle this card into the Deck.
Send to the GY, from your hand, Deck, or field, the Fusion Materials that are listed on a Fusion Monster that lists exactly 2 monsters as material, including "Elemental HERO Neos", then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn. If a Fusion Monster you control that lists "Elemental HERO Neos" as material would be destroyed by battle or card effect, or returned to the Extra Deck by its own effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
Activate this card by declaring 1 Attribute. Equip only to a "Shaddoll" monster, and it becomes that Attribute. During your Main Phase: You can Fusion Summon 1 "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials, including the equipped monster. You can only use this effect of "Nephe Shaddoll Fusion" once per turn.
Target 1 Fusion Summoned "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" you control; this turn, it can make a second and third attack during each Battle Phase, also when it attacks, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step.
Send 1 face-up "Neo-Spacian" monster you control to the Graveyard. Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster with the same name from your Extra Deck.
Target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Your opponent cannot activate the targeted card in response to this card's activation.
This card remains on the field for 2 of your opponent's turns. While this card is face-up on the field, no monsters can attack.
Once per turn: You can send 1 "Ninja" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; Set 1 "Ninjitsu Art" Spell/Trap Card directly from your Deck, except "Ninjitsu Art Notebook"
Equip only to a monster on your opponent's side of the field. When the equipped monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the equipped monster.
You can only control 1 "Noble Arms - Arfeudutyr". Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card your opponent controls; the equipped monster loses exactly 500 ATK, and if it does, destroy that target. (This ATK loss remains even if this card leaves the field or the monster becomes unaffected by card effects.) If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Warrior-Type "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms - Arfeudutyr" once per turn.
You can only control 1 "Noble Arms - Caliburn". Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. It gains 500 ATK. Once per turn: You can gain 500 LP. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Warrior-Type "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms - Caliburn" once per turn.
Equip only to a Warrior monster. You can only control 1 “Noble Arms – Clarent”. Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP; the equipped monster can attack directly this turn. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 1 “Noble Knight” Warrior monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of “Noble Arms – Clarent” once per turn.
Equip only to a "Noble Knight" monster. It cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Noble Knight" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Noble Knight" Xyz Monster with a different name, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms - Excaliburn" once per turn.
You can only control 1 "Noble Arms - Gallatin". Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. It gains 1000 ATK. During each of your Standby Phases, it loses 200 ATK. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Warrior-Type "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms - Gallatin" once per turn.
You can only control 1 "Noble Arms of Destiny". Equip only to a Warrior-Type monster. Once per turn, the equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Warrior-Type "Noble Knight" monster you control; equip this card to that target. You can only use this effect of "Noble Arms of Destiny" once per turn.
During your End Phase: You can activate each of these effects up to once per turn, depending on the total number of "Noble Knight" cards with different names in your Graveyard and/or you control; ● 3 or more: Send 1 "Noble Knight" card from your Deck to the Graveyard. ● 6 or more: Special Summon 1 "Noble Knight" monster from your hand, then you can equip 1 "Noble Arms" Equip Spell Card from your hand to that monster. ● 9 or more: Target 1 "Noble Knight" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. ● 12: Draw 1 card.
Target 1 face-down monster on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, banish it, then, if it was a Flip monster, each player reveals their Main Deck, then banishes all cards from it with that monster's name.
Select, destroy, and remove from play 1 face-down Spell or Trap Card. If it was a Trap Card, both players must remove from play all copies of that card from their Decks.
All face-up monsters, except for Effect Monsters, are unaffected by other Spell effects.
Equip only to an "Aesir" or "Nordic" monster. It gains 800 ATK. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "Nordic Relic" card from your Deck to your hand.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Skull Guardian". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 7 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.
Target 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
If you control no monsters: Special Summon 3 Level 2 or lower Beast-Type Effect Monsters with different names from your Deck. Their effects are negated, and they are destroyed during the End Phase. If you activate this card, you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except Beast-Type monsters.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any Dragon-Type Ritual Monster from your hand or Graveyard. You must also Tribute Pendulum Monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters and you control no monsters, you can also send "Odd-Eyes" monsters from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Odd-Eyes Advent" per turn.
Fusion Summon 1 Dragon-Type Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. If your opponent controls 2 or more monsters and you control no monsters, you can also use up to 2 "Odd-Eyes" monsters in your Extra Deck as Fusion Materials. You can only activate 1 "Odd-Eyes Fusion" per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target, also skip your next Draw Phase.
Once per turn, you can send 1 "Ojama" card from your hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Ojama" monster from your Graveyard. While you control a face-up "Ojama" monster, switch the original ATK and DEF of all monsters on the field. ("Ojama" can include "Ojamuscle".)
You can only activate this card while "Ojama Green", "Ojama Yellow" and "Ojama Black" are face-up on your side of the field. Destroy all cards on your opponent's side of the field.
When this card is sent from the hand or the field to the Graveyard, add 1 each of "Ojama Green", "Ojama Yellow" and "Ojama Black" from your Deck to your hand.
[THIS IS A DUEL LINKS EXCLUSIVE CARD]  Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 each of "Ojama Green", "Ojama Yellow", and "Ojama Black" in your Graveyard; Special Summon them.
Reveal 1 LIGHT Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck and banish any number of "Ojama" monsters from your hand, face-up field, and/or GY; Special Summon Fusion Materials with different names whose names are specifically listed on the card you revealed, from your hand, Deck, and/or GY, equal to the number of monsters banished to activate this effect. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 3 of your banished "Ojama" monsters; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
Send 1 "Ojama" card from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; add to your hand, 1 "Ojama" monster with a different name and 1 "Armed Dragon" monster from your Deck and/or GY, then, immediately after this effect resolves, you can Normal Summon 1 of those monsters. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 3 of your banished "Ojama" monsters; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
Select 1 face-up "Ojama King". Destroy all "Ojama" monsters on the field, except the selected "Ojama King". It gains 1000 ATK for each monster destroyed this way.
Look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand, then apply 1 of these effects.  ● Discard both that opponent's card and 1 card from your hand with the same card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap), then add this card from the field to your opponent's hand, and if you do, draw 1 card.  ● Lose 1000 LP.  You can only activate 1 "Old Mind" per turn.
Equip only to a monster you control. Once per turn, you can look at 1 random card in your opponent's hand. The equipped monster cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
Each player draws 1 card, and neither player takes damage until the end of the opponent's next turn.
Send 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 1 monster from your hand or Deck.
Equip only to a Spellcaster-Type monster. It gains 800 ATK. If the equipped monster attacks or is attacked, after damage calculation: You can destroy this card, and if you do, draw 1 card.
Special Summon 1 "Security Token" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "One-Time Passcode" per turn.
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control and detach all of its Xyz Material; this turn, that target can attack twice during the same Battle Phase.
You can only activate 1 "Onomatopaira" per turn. Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; add up to 2 of these monsters from your Deck to your hand (you cannot add 2 from the same category). ●1 "Zubaba" monster ●1 "Gagaga" monster ●1 "Gogogo" monster ●1 "Dododo" monster
Each time a "Utopia" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field, place 1 Hi-Five the Sky Counter on this card. All monsters you control gain 200 ATK and DEF for each Hi-Five the Sky Counter on this card. Once per turn: You can remove 2 Hi-Five the Sky Counters from this card; Special Summon 1 "Zubaba", "Gagaga", "Gogogo", or "Dododo" monster from your Deck.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Onomato" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Onomatopick". You can target 1 "Zubaba", "Gagaga", "Gogogo", or "Dododo" monster you control; all monsters you currently control become that monster's Level, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Onomatopick" once per turn. You can only activate 1 "Onomatopick" per turn.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 FIRE Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck. Its effects are negated and it is destroyed during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Onslaught of the Fire Kings" per turn.
Inflict 800 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
You can only equip this card to a Level 1 monster. A monster equipped with this card can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Herald of Ultimateness". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 12 or more. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this card's activation.
When this card is activated: Add 1 "Zefra" monster from your Deck to your hand. When you Ritual Summon using a "Zefra" monster, or Special Summon using a "Zefra" monster as Material, you can activate these effects depending on the monster Summoned, once per turn per effect. ● Ritual: Shuffle 1 monster on the field into the Deck. ● Fusion: Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. ● Synchro: Choose 1 monster from your Deck and place it on top of your Deck. ● Xyz: Draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.  You can only activate 1 "Oracle of Zefra" per turn.
Equip only to a Spirit monster. When it destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, gain Life Points equal to that monster's original ATK. When the equipped monster you control is returned to the hand and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.
You can activate the effects of "Orcust" monsters in your GY, or of Link Monsters you control with "Orcust" in their original names, as Quick Effects. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY, except the turn it was sent to the GY: You can send 1 card from your hand to the GY; add this card to your hand.
If your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) (except during the Damage Step): You can take 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" monster from your hand or Deck, and either send it to the GY or banish it. You can only use this effect of "Orcustrated Einsatz" once per turn.
Send 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Orcustrated Return" per turn.
Select 1 face-up Normal Monster (except a Token) on your side of the field when you activate this card. When this card resolves, Tribute the selected Normal Monster and destroy 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field.
If you control no monsters: Fusion Summon 1 "Melodious" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using 2 monsters from your hand and/or Deck as Fusion Material. During the End Phase of this turn, destroy the monster Fusion Summoned by this effect, and if you do, if all the Fusion Materials that were used for its Fusion Summon are in your GY, you can Special Summon all of them.
If your opponent's monster battles with an "Alien" monster you control, the opponent's monster loses 300 ATK and DEF during damage calculation only.
Destroy this card if your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a card(s) in the Graveyard. When this card is destroyed by this effect and sent to the Graveyard, your opponent shuffles all cards in their Graveyard into the Deck.
Your opponent cannot target Machine Xyz Monsters you control with card effects. Once per turn: You can target 1 "Infinitrack" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Machine monster that is 2 Ranks higher than that target, by using that target as material, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except EARTH Machine monsters (even if this card leaves the field). (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.)
Target 1 "Destiny HERO" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Deck whose Level is less than or equal to half of that target's Level, but destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.
Activate this card by discarding 1 monster, then target 1 monster in your GY whose Level is lower than the discarded monster's original Level; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. The equipped monster has its effects negated. You can only activate 1 "Overdone Burial" per turn.
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls that has Xyz Material and 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; detach all Xyz Materials from the opponent's monster, and if you do, attach this card to your monster as an Xyz Material.
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster on the field; attach this card to it as an Xyz Material.
Fusion Summon 1 DARK Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your field or GY.
Target 1 Zombie-Type monster you control with 2000 or less ATK; it can attack your opponent directly this turn.
Return control of all monsters on the field to their original owners.
(This card's name is always treated as "Umi".)  You cannot Normal or Special Summon Effect Monsters the turn you activate either of this card's effects (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, if you Normal or Special Summon exactly 1 Normal Monster (and no other cards): Add 1 "Phantasm Spiral" card from your Deck to your hand. If your opponent activates a card or effect (except during the Damage Step), and you control no Tokens: You can Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Spiral Token" (Wyrm-Type/WATER/Level 8/ATK 2000/DEF 2000).
Target 1 face-up non-Link Monster you control and 1 Link Monster your opponent controls; switch control of those monsters. You can only activate 1 "Packet Swap" per turn.
Select 5 cards from your Deck and show them to your opponent. Your opponent selects 1 card among them. Add that card to your hand and discard the remaining cards to the Graveyard.
Send 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, add 1 card with the same name as that card from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Painful Decision" per turn.
Your opponent chooses 1 monster in your Graveyard. During the End Phase, add that monster to your hand.
All monsters you control gain ATK/DEF equal to the number of different Attributes in your GY x 200. Once per turn: You can add 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your Deck to your hand, but skip the Battle Phase of your next turn (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, if an "Elementsaber" monster in your hand or field would send a card(s) from the hand to the GY to activate an effect, you can send that many "Elementsaber" monster(s) from your Deck to the GY, instead.
Neither player has to pay Life Points during the Standby Phase for "Archfiend" monsters. Each time a player's "Archfiend" monster(s) is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, except by battle, that player can add 1 "Archfiend" monster from their Deck to their hand with a lower Level than the destroyed card.
Send 1 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card from your hand to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; reveal 3 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Cards from your Deck, your opponent chooses 1 for you to add to your hand, and you shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Pantheism of the Monarchs" once per turn.
Equip only to a Link Monster. Once per turn: You can move the equipped monster to a Main Monster Zone it points to on its controller's field. You can send this Equip Card to the GY; destroy 1 card in the same column as the monster that was equipped with this card. You can only use this effect of "Parallel Panzer" once per turn.
Send 1 other Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
Fusion Summon 1 "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by shuffling your banished Fusion Materials listed on it into your Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters except by this card's effect, during the turn you activate this card.
When a card(s) is sent from your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard by a card effect, inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
A non Machine-Type monster equipped with this card cannot attack.
Send, from your side of the field to the Graveyard, the Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on a "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster Card, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) When you do: Banish this card from the Graveyard to target 1 "Gem-Knight" Fusion Material Monster used for the Fusion Summon; the Fusion Summoned monster gains that monster's ATK until the End Phase.
Your opponent reveals the top 3 cards of their Deck. Choose one to place on the bottom of the Deck and place the other two on top of the Deck in any order.
If you have a Union monster in your GY: Target any number of "Valkyrie" monsters you control; those monsters can attack directly this turn, but if they do so using this effect, the battle damage inflicted to your opponent is halved.
Discard 1 card; add 2 "Magician" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Deck to your hand, also, until the end of your opponent's next turn after this card resolves, "Magician" cards in your Pendulum Zones cannot be destroyed by card effects. You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Call" per turn. You cannot activate this card if you activated a "Magician" monster's Pendulum Effect this turn.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials. If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones, you can also use cards in your Pendulum Zones as Fusion Material(s). You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Fusion" per turn.
If you have 3 or more face-up Pendulum Monsters with different names in your Extra Deck: Draw 2 cards, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot add cards from your Deck to your hand.
This turn, cards in Pendulum Zones cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects, also negate any effect activated by your opponent that targeted a card(s) in the Pendulum Zones.
Add 2 face-up Pendulum Monsters with the same Pendulum Scale, but different names, from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Paradox" per turn.
Send 1 monster you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 Pendulum Monster with the same Level as the sent monster's original Level, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Pendulum Rising" per turn.
Target 1 card in either player's Pendulum Zone and declare a Pendulum Scale from 1 to 10; this turn, that card becomes that Pendulum Scale.
Destroy as many cards in each player's Pendulum Zones as possible, then you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls.
You can banish 1 "Gimmick Puppet" monster that has a Level from your GY; the Levels of all monsters you currently control become the banished monster's Level, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If a face-up "Gimmick Puppet" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect and sent to the GY: You can target 1 of your banished "Gimmick Puppet" monsters; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Perform Puppet" once per turn.
Target cards your opponent controls, up to the number of "Performapal" monsters you control; return them to the hand. You can only activate 1 "Performance Hurricane" per turn.
Monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each monster you control with a different Type. Once per turn, if you control 4 "Performapal" monsters with different Types: You can Special Summon 1 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Send up to 3 cards from your hand to the GY; draw the same number of cards you sent to the GY, then, if you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones, you can Special Summon "Performapal" monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, and/or "Odd-Eyes" monsters from your hand with different names that have Levels between (exclusive) the Pendulum Scales of the cards in your Pendulum Zones, up the number of cards you drew by this effect. If you did not Special Summon by this card's effect, you lose 1000 LP for each card in your hand. You can only activate 1 "Performapal Pop-Up" per turn.
Reveal any number of "Performapal" monsters from your hand and shuffle them into the Deck, then draw cards equal to the number of cards you shuffled into the Deck +1. You can only activate 1 "Performapal Recasting" per turn.
Equip only to a Warrior-Type, Beast-Warrior-Type, or Spellcaster-Type monster. Its ATK becomes 0. During each of your Standby Phases, inflict 500 damage to the controller of the equipped monster.
The equipped monster gains 900 ATK for each card in either Graveyard that has the same name it does.
Equip only to a Normal Monster. If the equipped monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. When the equipped monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and equip it with this card, then you can change 1 Attack Position monster your opponent controls to Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Spiral Crash" once per turn.
Equip only to a Normal Monster. It gains 500 ATK. When the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and equip it with this card, then inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Spiral Grip" once per turn.
Equip only to a Normal Monster. The first time the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle each turn, it is not destroyed. At the end of the Battle Phase, if the equipped monster battled: You can Special Summon 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, and equip it with this card, then if they have any, your opponent discards 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Phantasm Spiral Wave" once per turn.
Activate only while you have 2 or more cards in your hand, and control a face-up "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames" or "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder". Send your entire hand to the Graveyard to Special Summon 3 "Phantasmal Martyr Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Attack Position.
Each time your opponent activates a card or effect that targets a "The Phantom Knights" monster(s) you control, inflict 500 damage to your opponent immediately after it resolves. If a DARK monster you control would be destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead.
Target 1 Level 4 or lower LIGHT monster on the field, except a Token; the ATK of all monsters currently on the field with its name become 2000, until the end of this turn.
Tribute 2 "Cyber Dragons". Special Summon 1 "Cyber Laser Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
If you control a "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster: Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it. During activation, if you do not control "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon", you cannot target monsters, except an Xyz Monster. You can only activate 1 "Photon Hand" per turn.
Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower LIGHT monster from your hand in face-up Attack Position.
Special Summon 2 "Photon Tokens" (Thunder-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot attack or be used as Synchro Material Monsters. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card, except for LIGHT monsters.
If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes" monster: Target 1 card on the field; banish that target. You can only activate this card during your turn, unless you control "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon".
Target 1 face-up "Photon" monster you control; until the End Phase, it gains 700 ATK, and if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. When it inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent this turn: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
Shuffle 3 LIGHT monsters from your hand into the Deck, then add 1 to 3 Level 4 or lower LIGHT monsters from your Deck to the hand. If you add 2 or more monsters, they must have the same name.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; this turn, that face-up monster's original ATK becomes 100, also that face-up monster cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
If exactly 1 monster is Special Summoned, from the hand to your field: You can draw 1 card. You can only use the effect of “Pinpoint Landing” once per turn. During your End Phase, if you have not drawn a card by this effect this turn, send this card to the GY.
During the End Phase of your turn, if you did not attack, you can make your opponent send cards equal to the number of face-up "Iron Chain" monsters you control from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard.
Each time a Beast-Type monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Activate 1 of these effects; ● Gain 1200 LP. ● Inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
WIND monsters cannot be Special Summoned. All face-up WIND monsters on the field lose 500 ATK.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials.
If your opponent controls a card in their Field Zone and you do not: Activate 1 Field Spell Card from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Pop-Up" per turn.
All monsters you control gain ATK equal to the number of different Attributes you control x 300. "Charmer" and "Familiar-Possessed" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If a Spellcaster monster(s) whose original ATK is 1850 is Normal or Special Summoned to your field: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Possessed Awakening" once per turn.
Target 3 banished monsters; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Acquisitiveness" per turn.
Target 5 monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards.
Select 2 cards from the Graveyard(s), and shuffle them into their owner's Deck(s). After activation, remove this card from play instead of sending it to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Benevolence" per turn.
Banish 10 cards from the top of your Deck, face-down; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Desires" per turn.
At the start of your Main Phase 1: Target 3 monsters with different Types in your Graveyard; Shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, add 1 of them to your hand, also, after that, shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Duality" per turn. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this card.
At the start of your Main Phase 1: Banish 3 or 6 random face-down cards from your Extra Deck, face-down; draw 1 card for every 3 cards banished. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot draw any cards by card effects.
Return 2 cards from your hand to your Deck. Then shuffle your Deck.
Draw 2 cards.
Shuffle 3 Pendulum Monsters into the Deck, from your Graveyard and/or face-up in your Extra Deck, then draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Riches" per turn. You cannot Special Summon the turn you activate this card, except by Pendulum Summon.
Fusion Summon 1 Machine Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials, and it gains ATK equal to its original ATK. During the End Phase of the turn this card is activated, you take damage equal to the amount of ATK gained from this effect at the time of the Summon.
Select 1 face-up "Victory Viper XX03" on your side of the field to activate this card. Select 1 effect of "Victory Viper XX03", and apply the effect as this card's effect.
Neither player can Special Summon monsters with 1000 or less ATK.
An Aqua-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
If an attack is declared involving the equipped monster: Place 1 Spell Counter on this card. The equipped monster gains 500 ATK/DEF for each Spell Counter on this card. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can remove 1 Spell Counter from your field, instead.
Once per turn, you can select and remove from play 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard whose Level is less than or equal to the equipped monster's, and have the equipped monster gain 500 ATK until the End Phase.
During the Main Phase: Fusion Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters, except "Prank-Kids" monsters.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Prank-Kids" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if you Fusion Summon a "Prank-Kids" Fusion Monster (except during the Damage Step): You can have all monsters you control gain 500 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, if you Link Summon a "Prank-Kids" Link Monster (except during the Damage Step): You can have all monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). You can only activate 1 "Prank-Kids Place" per turn.
You can discard 1 "Prank-Kids" card; Special Summon 1 "Prank-Kids Token" (Pyro/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), but it cannot be Tributed. During your End Phase: You can target 3 "Prank-Kids" cards in your GY, except "Prank-Kids Pranks"; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Pranks" once per turn.
Add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, and add 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand whose name is listed on that Ritual Spell Card. You can only activate 1 "Pre-Preparation of Rites" per turn.
When you Tribute Summon a monster using 2 or more Tributes: Draw 2 cards.
Reveal any number of "Predap" cards in your hand, then target that number of face-up monsters your opponent controls; place 1 Predator Counter on each one, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter. If your "Predaplant" monster would be destroyed by battle, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Predaplant" monster from your hand or Graveyard, but it has its effects negated (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, pay 800 LP or destroy this card.
Special Summon 1 "Predaplant" monster from your hand, then add 1 "Predap" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Predapractice", also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Predapractice" per turn.
If a "Predaplant" monster is on the field: Fusion Summon 1 DARK Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from either field as Fusion Material, including at least 2 DARK monsters you control. You can only activate 1 "Predaprime Fusion" per turn.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Predaplant" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Prediction Princess Tarotrei". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 9 or more. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Prediction Princess" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Activate this card by paying 800 LP, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Attack Position and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, destroy the equipped monster.
Add 1 Level 7 or lower Ritual Monster from your Deck to your hand, then you can add 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Graveyard to the hand.
Equip only to a monster you control, if it was changed from face-up Attack Position to face-up Defense Position this turn. Select 1 monster your opponent controls. That monster cannot attack or change its battle position. When the equipped monster is destroyed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, remove from play the selected monster.
When a Level 2 or lower monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, if you have no cards in your hand, draw 2 cards.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Vennu, Bright Bird of Divinity". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 8 or more. During your End Phase: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Ritual Monster in your Graveyard that was sent there from the field this turn; Special Summon it.
If "Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning" or "Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End" is on the field: Target 2 of your banished cards; add both those targets to your hand.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can shuffle up to 2 "Evolsaur" monsters from your hand into the Deck, then draw the same number of cards. You can only control 1 face-up "Primordial Soup".
Activate by declaring 1 card name. Cards with that name, and their effects, cannot be used. Cards already on the field are not affected (including face-down cards).
Once per turn: You can banish 1 Field Spell Card from your Graveyard; until the End Phase, this card's name becomes that card's original name, and replace this effect with that card's original effects.
Tribute 1 Psychic-Type monster. Return all cards in your opponent's hand to the Deck. Then, they draw 3 cards.
When a Psychic-Type monster is Normal Summoned: You can pay 500 LP; increase its Level by 1 and ATK by 300. (This remains even if this card leaves the field.)
If a "PSY-Frame" monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step), you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using only "PSY-Frame" monsters you control. At the start of the Damage Step, if a "PSY-Frame" monster you control battles an opponent's monster: You can discard 1 "PSY-Frame" monster; your battling monster gains ATK equal to the discarded monster's ATK until the end of this turn.
Pay LP in multiples of 100 (max. 2000); equip this card to a monster. It gains that much ATK and DEF. You can only activate 1 "Psychic Blade" per turn.
Select 2 of your removed from play monsters (1 Psychic-Type Tuner and 1 Psychic-Type non-Tuner), return them to the Graveyard, and Special Summon 1 Psychic-Type Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck in face-up Defense Position, whose Level equals the total Levels of the returned monsters.
During the Battle Phase: Target 1 face-up monster you control; you lose LP equal to its ATK, and if you do, its ATK is doubled until the end of this turn. It cannot attack directly during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Psychic Fervor" per turn.
Pay 800 Life Points and select up to 2 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters. Add them to your hand.
Equip only to a Psychic-Type monster. While your LP is lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster gains ATK equal to the difference (max. 2000).
If you control a Psychic-Type monster: Target 1 card on the field; destroy it, and if you do, take 1000 damage.
If your opponent's Life Points are at least 2000 higher than yours: You can target 2 Level 8 "Gimmick Puppet" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets. You can only activate 1 "Puppet Ritual" per turn. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
You can select and activate 1 of the following effects: ● Increase the ATK of all face-up monsters on your side of the field by 200 points until the End Phase of the turn this card is activated. ● Increase the DEF of all face-up monsters on your side of the field by 500 points until the End Phase of the turn this card is activated.
All Zombie-Type monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each monster your opponent controls. If exactly 1 Zombie-Type monster you control (and no other cards) would be destroyed, you can send this card to the Graveyard instead.
Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can target 1 Set Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; reveal it, then return it to its original position.
When activating this card, your opponent cannot check cards in the Graveyard. Your opponent calls the name of the first monster found at the bottom of your Graveyard. If he/she calls it right, the monster is removed from play. If he/she calls it wrong, the monster is Special Summoned to your side of the field.
Target 1 Quick-Play Spell Card in your Graveyard, except "Quick Booster"; shuffle that target into the Deck. If this card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Quick Booster".
Add 2 Level 4 or lower "Batteryman" monsters from your Graveyard to your hand.
Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck, but it cannot attack, also destroy it during the End Phase.
Activate this card at the start of your Main Phase 1, if you control no monsters. If any player Normal Summons/Sets a monster, that player cannot Special Summon that turn. If any player Special Summons a monster, that player cannot Normal Summon/Set that turn.
Target 2 WIND monsters in your Graveyard and 1 card on the field; shuffle both of those first 2 targets into your Deck and return the other to the hand.
Destroy Spell/Trap Cards equal to the number of "Elemental HERO" cards you control.
If "Umi" is on the field: Target monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of WATER monsters you control whose original Levels are 5 or higher; destroy them, and if you do, the zones they were in cannot be used until the end of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Rage of Kairyu-Shin" per turn.
Banish this card, and as many cards as possible from your hand, field and GY face-down, and if you do, Special Summon up to 3 copies of “Blue-Eyes White Dragon” from your Deck. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except “Blue-Eyes White Dragon”.
All Plant-Type monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK for each Plant-Type monster currently in your Graveyard, until the end of this turn. During the End Phase, destroy all Plant-Type monsters you control.
Target 1 "Raidraptor" monster you control; Special Summon 1 monster with the same name as that monster on the field from your hand or Deck in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Raidraptor - Call" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters during the turn you activate this card, except "Raidraptor" monsters.
If you control 2 or more "Raidraptor" monsters: You can add 1 "Raidraptor" monster from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Nest" once per turn.
Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
Decrease your opponent's Life Points by 300 points.
Increases the Life Points of both players by 1000 points.
Add 1 "Crystal" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand.
If a monster(s) you control whose original name is "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" activated its effect this turn: Special Summon any number of "Crystal Beast" monsters with different names from your Deck.
If the equipped monster battles an opponent's monster, while that monster is on the field its effect(s) is negated during the Battle Phase only.
A Dinosaur-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Target 1 "Utopia" monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Utopia" monster with a lower Rank than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) The monster Xyz Summoned by this effect gains this effect. ● If this card attacks, or is attacked by, an opponent's monster, the opponent's monster's effects are negated during the Battle Phase only.
To activate this card, you must draw it for your normal draw in your Draw Phase, reveal it, and keep it revealed until the start of Main Phase 1. At the start of your Main Phase 1 that same turn, you can: Special Summon, from your Extra Deck or Graveyard, 1 monster that has a number between "Number 101" and "Number 107" in its name, except "Number C" monsters, then Xyz Summon, from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster with the same number in its name as the first monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. You can only apply the effect of "Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One" once per Duel.
Target 1 or more Xyz Monsters in each Graveyard, all of the same Rank; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" or "CXyz" monster that is 1 Rank higher than those monsters, and attach those monsters to it as Xyz Materials. You cannot Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Rank-Up-Magic Admiration of the Thousands" per turn.
Target 1 Rank 5 or higher Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" or "CXyz" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) When a Rank 5 or higher Xyz Monster is Special Summoned to your side of the field while this card is in your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can add this card from your Graveyard to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force" once per Duel.
Target the 1 Xyz Monster you control with the highest Rank (your choice, if tied); Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 monster with the same Type and Attribute as that monster you control but 2 Ranks higher, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can add this card from your Graveyard to your hand. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this effect, except by the effect of "Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force".
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" or "CXyz" monster with the same Type as that monster you control but 1 Rank higher, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) Then, if possible, detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster your opponent controls and attach it to the Summoned monster as an Xyz Material.
During either player' Main Phase: Target 1 "Cipher" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Cipher" Xyz Monster that is 1 Rank higher than that target, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) It gains this effect.  ● This card gains 500 ATK for each Level 4 or higher monster you control.
Target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard that was destroyed by battle and sent there this turn; Special Summon it, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Xyz Monster that has twice the Rank of that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.)
Target 1 Rank 4 Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster with the same Type as that monster you control, but 1 Rank higher, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) Then, if any face-up cards are on the field other than this card and the monster Summoned by it, negate the effects of those other cards.
Target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster you control, except a "Number C" monster; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" monster with the same number in its name as that target, but 1 Rank higher, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that target, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You can banish this card from your Graveyard and 1 "Raidraptor" card from your hand, then target 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card in your Graveyard, except "Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force"; add it to your hand.
If a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster was destroyed and sent to the Graveyard this turn while you controlled it: Target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.)
● During your turn: Target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that target, by using that target as the Xyz Material. ● During your opponent's turn: Target 1 Xyz Monster your opponent controls with no Xyz Materials; take control of that Xyz Monster, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. (These Special Summons are treated as Xyz Summons. Attached Xyz Materials also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.)
Target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Raidraptor" monster that is 2 Ranks higher than that target, by using that target as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card and 1 "Raidraptor" monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Pay half your LP, then target 1 "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Xyz Monster that is 2 Ranks higher than that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.)
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by destroying monsters you control as Fusion Material, but it cannot attack, except to attack monsters Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, also it is unaffected by the activated effects of other monsters Special Summoned from the Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Rapid Trigger" per turn.
Apply the following effect, depending on the equipped monster's battle position.  ● Attack Position: Your opponent cannot target the equipped monster with card effects.  ● Defense Position: The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle.  At the start of the Battle Phase: You can change the equipped monster's battle position, and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon 1 monster. You can only use this effect of "Raptinus' Supreme Magicblade" once per turn.
Shuffle 1 "Blackwing" monster you control into the Main Deck; add 1 "Blackwing" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Equip only to a "Raidraptor" monster. It gains 1000 ATK. When the equipped monster is targeted for an attack by a monster whose ATK is higher than the equipped monster: You can add 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, you take no battle damage from that battle.
If you control 2 or more "Crystal Beast" cards in your Spell & Trap Zone: Your opponent chooses 1 "Crystal Beast" card in your Spell & Trap Zone, you send it to the GY, and if you do, you draw 2 cards.
As long as you control the monster equipped with this card, your opponent cannot attack other monsters other than the equipped monster.
Activate this card by paying 800 LP, then target 1 Fusion Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, banish the equipped monster.
Your opponent cannot target “Danger!” monsters you control with card effects during the turn they are Special Summoned.  Once per turn: you can target 1 “Danger!” monster you control; while you control that faceup monster and this faceup card, that monster can attack your opponent directly, also your opponent’s monsters cannot target it for attacks, but it does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly.
Each time a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard, place 1 Shine Counter on this card. All "Lightsworn" monsters gain 100 ATK for each Shine Counter on this card. If this card would be destroyed by a card effect, remove 2 Shine Counters from this card instead.
Equip only to "Guardian Dreadscythe". It gains 500 ATK for each monster in the Graveyards.
Your opponent declares a monster Level. Excavate cards from the top of your Deck until you excavate a monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set. If that monster is the same Level as the one declared by your opponent, send all excavated cards to the Graveyard. If not, Special Summon the excavated monster, also send the remaining cards to the Graveyard.
During either player's Battle Phase: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the end of the Battle Phase, also other monsters you control cannot attack for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Rebellion" per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Nephthys" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. Then, if you Tributed "Devotee of Nephthys" or "Cerulean Sacred Phoenix of Nephthys", you can destroy 1 card on the field.
Shuffle 1 "Meklord" monster from your hand into the Deck, then target 1 "Meklord" card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Target 1 "Flower Cardian" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 "Flower Cardian" monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a "Flower Cardian" monster's effect: You can excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 excavated Spell/Trap Card to your hand. Place the remaining cards on top of your Deck in any order.
Target 2 DARK monsters with 0 DEF in your GY; add those targets to your hand.
During your Standby Phase, by paying 300 Life Points, select 1 non-Monster Card in your Graveyard and return it to the bottom of your Deck.
Target 2 Thunder-Type monsters with 1500 or less ATK in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.
If you control a "Red Dragon Archfiend": Draw 2 cards. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, and until the end of your opponent's turn after this card is activated.
Increase your Life Points by 500 points.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster that lists a "Red-Eyes" monster as material from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand, Deck, or field as Fusion Materials, and if you do, its name becomes "Red-Eyes B. Dragon". You cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Red-Eyes Fusion" per turn.
Send 1 "Red-Eyes" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard; add 1 "Red-Eyes" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Red-Eyes Insight". You can only activate 1 "Red-Eyes Insight" per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Lord of the Red". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, and/or banish "Red-Eyes" monsters from your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick", whose total Levels equal 8 or more.
Add 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
Special Summon from your Graveyard as many FIRE monsters as possible with 200 DEF, but banish them during the End Phase.
Tribute 1 "Gearfried the Iron Knight"; Special Summon 1 "Gearfried the Swordmaster" from your hand or Deck.
Target 1 face-up Equip Spell Card you control; destroy the Equip Spell Card and all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Fusion Summon 1 "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing materials from your hand, field and/or GY. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; equip that target to an "Eyes Restrict" Fusion Monster or "Relinquished" you control, as if it were equipped by that monster's effect. You can only use each effect of "Relinquished Fusion" once per turn.
Add all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you added to your Deck.
Select 1 face-up Trap Card on the field and destroy it.
Activate only if you control a face-up "Reptilianne" monster. Change 1 Defense Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position and reduce its ATK to 0.
The equipped monster becomes Reptile-Type. It gains 800 ATK. If this card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 800 ATK.
Remove from play 1 "Reptilianne" monster from your Graveyard. Special Summon 2 "Reptilianne Tokens" (Reptile-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your side of the field.
Target 2 face-up monsters you control with the same Type and Attribute; change one of their Levels to the current Level of the other, until the End Phase.
Each time a "Resonator" monster(s) is sent to the Graveyard as a Synchro Material: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Destroy this card during your 2nd End Phase after activation.
Add 1 "Resonator" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Target 2 "Resonator" monsters in your Graveyard; add 1 Level 4 monster from your Deck to your hand, and if you do, return those targets to the Deck.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your GY with 2400 ATK/1000 DEF, or 2800 ATK/1000 DEF; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects, also equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. The equipped monster can be treated as 2 Tributes for a Tribute Summon. You can only activate 1 "Restoration of the Monarchs" per turn.
Inflict 200 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points for each card in your opponent's hand.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Chakra". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 7 or more.
Discard 1 Monster Card from your hand to the Graveyard. Return 1 of your monsters destroyed and sent to your Graveyard as a result of battle during this turn to your hand at the end of this turn.
Target 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. If a Dragon-Type monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead.
You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. When you Tribute Summon a monster: You can activate 1 of these effects; ● Add, from your Deck to your hand, 1 monster with 2400 ATK and 1000 DEF with a different name from that Tribute Summoned monster. ● Add, from your Deck to your hand, 1 monster with 2800 ATK and 1000 DEF with a different name from that Tribute Summoned monster. The Tribute Summoned monster must be face-up on the field to activate and to resolve this effect. You can only use this effect of "Return of the Monarchs" once per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Vendread" Ritual Monster from your hand or GY. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, and/or send 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck to the GY, whose total Levels equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. The Ritual Summoned monster is destroyed during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Revendread Evolution" per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Vendread" Ritual Monster from your hand or GY. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field, and/or banish Zombie monsters from your GY, whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If "Revendread Slayer(s)" you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
Send all cards in your hand and on your side of the field to the Graveyard. Call the type of card (Spell, Trap, or Monster) on top of your Deck. If you call it right, exchange your current Life Points with your opponent's current ones.
Equip only to a "Utopia" monster. When the equipped monster declares an attack: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target. Your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards in response to this effect's activation.
Activate only when a face-up "Neos" Fusion Monster you control is destroyed. Special Summon 1 "Elemental Hero Neos" from your Deck in Attack Position. It gains 1000 ATK and is destroyed during the End Phase of this turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Dokurorider". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 6 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.
Target 1 "Battlewasp" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Insect monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects until the end of the next turn. You can only use this effect of "Revival Swarm" once per turn.
Discard 1 "Polymerization" to the Graveyard. Send 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck to your Graveyard and Special Summon 1 monster from your hand that is listed as a Fusion Material Monster on that card. The Special Summoned monster is sent to the Graveyard during the End Phase of this turn.
If a Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can activate this effect; your opponent takes no battle damage for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field), also you Special Summon 1 Level 4 EARTH Machine-Type monster with 1800 or more ATK from your Deck, and if you do, it becomes Level 10. You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; add 1 Level 10 EARTH Machine-Type monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use 1 "Revolving Switchyard" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
During the End Phase, if the equipped monster was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard this turn: Special Summon it from the Graveyard to your side of the field.
Special Summon any number of "Valkyrie" monsters with different names from your hand. If you Special Summoned 3 or more monsters with this effect, you take no battle damage until the end of the next turn. During the End Phase of the turn you activated this card, shuffle all monsters you control into the Deck. You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Mischief of the Time Goddess" from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Ride of the Valkyries" once per turn.
When a Trap effect that inflicts damage is activated: Make that effect damage 0.
You can only equip this card to a monster on your side of the field. Decrease the ATK and DEF of a monster equipped with this card by 500 points. In addition, all the monsters on your opponent's side of the field can only attack the monster equipped with this card, if they attack.
Target 2 face-up monsters on the field; halve the ATK of 1 monster, and if you do, add that lost ATK to the other monster. These effects last until the End Phase.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Salamangreat" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. If you control a FIRE Link Monster, you can also use "Salamangreat" monster(s) in your GY, by shuffling them into the Deck. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat Emerald Eagle" from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
All WIND monsters gain 500 ATK and lose 400 DEF.
(This card is always treated as a "Salamangreat" card.)  If you control no monsters: Activate this card by targeting 1 FIRE monster in your GY; Special Summon it and equip it with this card. It gains 500 ATK. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can banish 1 monster on the field. You can only use each effect of "Rising Fire" once per turn.
Equip only to a "Utopia" monster. It cannot be destroyed by card effects. Each time an attack is negated, place 1 Rising Sun Counter on this card. The equipped monster gains 500 ATK for each Rising Sun Counter on this card. If the equipped monster you control would detach its Xyz Material to activate its effect, you can treat this card as 1 of the Xyz Materials.
Banish 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your hand, then target 1 of your "Ritual Beast" monsters, that is banished or is in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Banish 2 "Ritual Beast" monsters you control; Special Summon 1 "Ritual Beast" monster from your Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
You take no battle damage from attacks involving a Ritual Monster you control. Ritual Monsters you control cannot be targeted by, or destroyed by, monster effects.
Pay 1000 Life Points. Special Summon 1 Ritual Monster from your hand. The Ritual Monster Special Summoned by this effect cannot attack, and is destroyed during the End Phase. Only 1 "Ritual Foregone" can be activated per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Garlandolf, King of Destruction". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand. During your Main Phase, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard. If you do, during this turn, any monster destroyed by battle with a Ritual Monster you control will be returned to the top of the Deck instead of being sent to the Graveyard.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Divine Grace - Northwemko". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 7 or more from the field or your hand. During your Main Phase, you can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to make 1 face-up Ritual Monster you control become un-targetable by effects this turn.
You can discard 1 Spell Card; add 1 LIGHT Ritual Monster or 1 Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can shuffle any number of Spell Cards from your Graveyard into the Deck, then target 1 LIGHT Fairy-Type monster in your Graveyard whose Level equals the number of cards you shuffled into the Deck; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Ritual Sanctuary" once per turn.
Equip only to a Level 6 or lower Ritual Monster. It gains 1500 ATK and DEF.
While the equipped monster is attacking, it cannot be destroyed by battle. At the end of the Damage Step, if the equipped monster attacked: The attack target loses ATK equal to the ATK of the equipped monster, until the End Phase.
The equipped monster gains 500 DEF. Negate other Spell effects that target the equipped monster, and if you do, destroy that Spell Card.
If a monster equipped with this card inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, the damage becomes 1000 points.
Add 1 Plant monster with 2400 or more ATK from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 Plant monster with 2400 or more ATK from your hand. You can only use 1 "Rose Bell of Revelation" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Tribute 1 "Elemental HERO Knospe"; Special Summon 1 "Elemental HERO Poison Rose" from your hand or Deck.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Roll a six-sided die and apply the result. 1: Halve your LP. 2: Make that attack a direct attack. 3: Choose 1 monster you control, change the attack target to it, and perform damage calculation. 4: Choose 1 other monster your opponent controls, change the attack target to it, and perform damage calculation. 5: Negate the attack, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK. 6: Destroy that opponent's monster.
If you control "Necrovalley": Both players discard any monsters in their hands.
If a monster(s) is Special Summoned, except from the Graveyard, while you control a Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster: That face-up Special Summoned monster(s) has its effects negated until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn: You can send 1 other face-up card you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Dragon Lord Token" (Dragon-Type/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 Level 7 or 8 Dragon-Type monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; add this card to your hand.
Select 1 face-up "Karakuri" monster on the field. Until the End Phase, it gains 1000 ATK, but its effect(s) is negated.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 700 ATK until the end of this turn.
Select 1 monster you control and send it to the Graveyard, and send 1 random card in your opponent's hand to the Graveyard.
If you have a "Winged Kuriboh" monster in your Graveyard: Pay half your Life Points; add 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Diffusion Wave-Motion". If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 3 copies of "Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone" from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster on the field; it gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster on the field with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied), until the end of this turn.
When you take battle or effect damage while you control an "X-Saber" monster: Gain LP equal to the damage you took, and if you do, inflict the same amount of damage to your opponent, then you can add 1 "Saber" Spell/Trap Card or "Gottoms" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Saber Reflection" per turn.
Destroy a number of face-up cards on the field equal to the number of face-up Attack Position "X-Saber" monsters you control.
Each face-up "X-Saber" monster on the field gains 100 ATK x its Level, and loses 100 DEF x its Level.
You can only activate 1 "Sacred Serpent's Wake" per turn. If you control 2 or more different kinds of monsters (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz): Activate 1 or more effects, depending on the number of different kinds you control, and resolve in sequence. ● 2 or more: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard or 1 of your banished monsters; add that target to your hand. ● 3 or more: Target 1 Trap Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand. ● 4: Target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard, except "Sacred Serpent's Wake"; add that target to your hand.
Banish 1 Level 7 monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Sacred Sword of Seven Stars" per turn.
If you control a face-up "Dark Magician Girl": Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand or Deck.
Equip only to a FIRE monster. It gains 700 ATK.
Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your hand, but negate its effects (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster using monsters you control as material, including that monster, but for the rest of this turn, the Link Summoned monster cannot attack, also it cannot activate its effects. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster in your GY; return it to the Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Salamangreat Burning Shell" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Add 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● Target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control that was Link Summoned using a monster with its same name as material; that Link Monster is unaffected by other monsters' effects this turn.  You can only activate 1 "Salamangreat Circle" per turn.
Equip only to a "Salamangreat" monster. It cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If the equipped monster is a "Salamangreat" Link Monster that was Link Summoned using a monster with its same name as material, it can attack monsters a number of times each Battle Phase, up to its Link Rating. You can only control 1 "Salamangreat Claw".
Target 2 "Salamangreat" monsters in your GY with different names; add them to your hand. If this Set card is destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can add 1 "Salamangreat" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand, except "Salamangreat Recureance". You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Recureance" once per turn.
If you Link Summon a "Salamangreat" Link Monster, you can use 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control with its same name as the entire material. During damage calculation, if your monster battles: You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Link Monster you control; make its ATK 0, and if you do, gain LP equal to its original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Salamangreat Sanctuary" once per turn.
Target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster with the same name as that monster you control, by using it as the entire material. (This is treated as a Link Summon.) You can only activate 1 "Salamangreat Transcendence" per turn.
Target 2 WATER monsters with 1500 or less ATK in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.
Monster Cards Tributed for a Ritual Summon are returned to the owner's Deck instead of being sent to the Graveyard.
Equip only to a "Qli" monster. It gains 300 ATK and cannot be destroyed by battle. The equipped monster can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a "Qli" monster. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Qli" monster from your Deck to your hand.
When a Spell effect that would inflict damage to you is activated: You take no damage from that effect. While this card is in your Graveyard, you take no damage from the effect of "Sargasso the D.D. Battlefield". When this Set card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Sargasso the D.D. Battlefield" from your Deck to your hand.
Each time a monster is Xyz Summoned: The Summoning player takes 500 damage. During each player's End Phase, the turn player takes 500 damage if they control a face-up Xyz Monster.
Target 1 "tellarknight" monster you control; Special Summon 1 "tellarknight" monster with a different name from your Deck, and if you do, shuffle the targeted monster into the Deck. While the monster Special Summoned by this effect is face-up on the field, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "tellarknight" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Satellarknight Skybridge" per turn.
If a monster attacks, at the end of the Damage Step: Its controller gains 300 LP. All monsters must attack, if able. During the End Phase: Destroy all face-up Attack Position monsters the turn player controls, that did not declare an attack.
Special Summon 4 "Sheep Tokens" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Normal Set).
If you control a "Red Dragon Archfiend": Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
If your opponent's monsters on the field outnumber your non-Token monsters on the field: Tribute any number of "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens"; Special Summon an equal number of "Mecha Phantom Beast" monsters from your Deck. Shuffle them into the Deck during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Scramble!! Scramble!!" per turn.
All "Scrap" monsters gain 200 ATK and DEF. When a face-up "Scrap" monster(s) on the field is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "Scrap" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Scrap Factory" once per turn.
Target 1 "Junk Warrior" you control; if it battles an opponent's monster this turn while you control it, apply these effects. ● Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step. ● If it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. ● Double any battle damage your opponent takes. ● It cannot be destroyed by battle. ● Destroy the opponent's monster that battled it at the end of the Damage Step.
Select 1 "Scrap" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard. Its effects are negated. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is removed from the field, destroy this card. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Select 1 face-up "Scrap" monster you control and destroy it. All face-up "Scrap" monsters you control gain 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
Target 1 "Scrap" monster you control; send 1 "Scrap" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, then draw 1 card, then destroy that monster.
Add 1 "Scrap" Tuner monster from your Deck to your hand.
Select 1 Attribute. Change the Attribute of the equipped monster to the one you select.
Send this card to the Graveyard during your opponent's 3rd End Phase after activation. WATER monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
Pay 1000 Life Points. Pick up and see all face-down cards on your opponent's side of the field, then return them to their original positions. (The effects of the face-down cards are not activated.)
Banish any number of "Laval" monsters from your Graveyard; Special Summon an equal number of "Laval Tokens" (Pyro-Type/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position.
Activate only when a monster you control has attacked your opponent directly. Gain Life Points equal to the Battle Damage that the monster inflicted to your opponent.
When a coin toss is performed, you can choose to redo the coin toss. (If the toss involved multiple coin flips, redo all of them.) You can only use the effect of "Second Coin Toss" once per turn.
Select 1 face-up monster with an ATK equal to 1000 points or less on your side of the field. During the turn this card is activated, the selected monster can attack your opponent's Life Points directly.
When a monster(s) (except a Spellcaster-Type monster) is Normal or Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field while you control another face-up Spell Card and your opponent does not control any face-up Spell Cards: That monster cannot attack or activate its effects this turn. (This applies even if this card leaves the field.) If you do not control any Spellcaster-Type monsters, destroy this card.
Send 1 monster you control to the GY, then target 1 of your banished "Six Samurai" monsters; Special Summon it. You can only activate 1 "Secret Skills of the Six Samurai" per turn.
If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster and your opponent does not, your opponent cannot activate Spell Cards. If you control no Spellcaster-Type monsters, you cannot activate Spell Cards.
Target 1 Cyberse monster on the field; this turn, neither player takes battle damage, also that monster cannot be destroyed by battle.
Each time a Plant-Type monster(s) is Summoned, place 1 Plant Counter on this card (max. 5). You can send this card to the Graveyard to inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Plant Counter on it.
Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Plant-Type monster from your hand.
If you have no Spells/Traps in your GY: Draw 2 cards, also, for the rest of this Duel after you activate this card, you cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards or effects, except "Sekka's Light". You can banish this card from your GY; reveal 1 monster in your hand, shuffle it into the Deck, then, draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Sekka's Light" once per turn.
Select 1 monster you control, and send it to the Graveyard.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, you can move 1 monster on your side of the field to an adjacent unoccupied Monster Card Zone.
If you control 2 or more "Senka" monsters with different Attributes: You can declare 1 Attribute; monsters your opponent currently controls with that Attribute cannot activate their effects until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), or if you activate a "Senka" monster's effect: You can make all "Senka" monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK for each "Senka" monster you control, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use each effect of "Senka Legend - The Sun-Liu Alliance" once per turn.
Send this card to the GY during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation. During your Main Phase, if you Normal or Special Summon a "Senka" monster(s): You can target 1 of those monsters; add from your Deck to your hand 1 "Senka" monster with a different name from that target. If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Senka" monster from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Senka Legend - The Three Visit" once per turn.
Once per turn, during each of your Standby Phases, you can pay 100 Life Points to look at 1 card on the top of your opponent's Deck and return it to its original position. Your opponent cannot look at the card.
Activate only when you activate one of your Normal Spell Cards. Discard all the cards in your hand to the Graveyard. The effect of this card becomes the same as the Normal Spell Card.
Set 2 Field Spell Cards with different names directly from your Deck to the field (1 on each side). While either of those cards remain face-down on the field, neither player can activate or Set other Field Spell Cards.
Banish 6 monsters with the same original Type but different monster card types (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum, Link) from your hand, GY, and/or face-up field, then Special Summon 1 monster with the same original Type as the banished monsters from your Deck or Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Sextet Summon" per turn.
Fusion Summon 1 "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. If your opponent controls a monster(s) that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, you can also use monsters in your Deck as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Shaddoll Fusion" per turn.
If you control "Toon World": Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of that face-up monster. You can only activate 1 "Shadow Toon" per turn.
Each time you draw a card(s) for your normal draw in your Draw Phase, place 1 Greed Counter on this card. You can send this card with 2 or more Greed Counters to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards.
Tribute 1 monster; make your opponent Tribute 1 monster (for no effect).
After this card resolves, each time your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck or Graveyard to their hand this turn with a card effect, except by drawing them, you immediately draw 1 card for each card effect. You can only activate 1 "Shared Ride" per turn.
Switch the original ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters currently on the field, until the End Phase.
Target 1 Defense Position monster on the field; destroy that target.
When a "Six Samurai" monster is attacked, the attacking monster loses 500 ATK during damage calculation only.
Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card. You can send this card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Six Samurai" or "Shien" Effect Monster from your Main Deck, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Bushido Counters on this card.
Add 1 Level 3 or lower "Six Samurai" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Select 1 face-up monster you control to activate this card. Give control of the selected monster to your opponent until the End Phase of this turn.
Once per turn, by paying 300 Life Points, rearrange the face-down Defense Position monsters on your side of the field, then return them in face-down Defense Position.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Shinato, King of a Higher Plane". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Levels equal 8 or more from the field or your hand.
Equip only to a LIGHT monster. It gains 700 ATK.
To activate this card, you must draw it for your normal draw in your Draw Phase, reveal it, and keep it revealed until the Main Phase 1. During your Main Phase 1 that same turn: You can activate this card from your hand and target 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● Equip any number of "ZW -" monsters with different names from your Deck and/or Extra Deck to that monster.  ● Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Utopia" Xyz Monster with a different name, by using that target as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.)
Target 3 monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon all 3, but their effects are negated. Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 "Utopia" or "Utopic" Xyz Monster using only those 3 monsters. You cannot Special Summon other monsters during the turn you activate this card.
Spirit monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF. If a face-up WIND monster(s) you control returns to your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 Spirit monster or Ritual Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Shinobird Power Spot" once per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Shinobaroness Peacock" or "Shinobaron Peacock". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field and/or banish Spirit monsters from your Graveyard, whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.
This card's name becomes "Shiranui Style Synthesis" while in the Spell & Trap Zone. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects.  ● Banish 1 Zombie monster from your GY; Normal or Special Summons of your Zombie monsters cannot be negated for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ● Target 1 Zombie monster you control; banish it, then you can send 1 Zombie monster with 0 DEF from your Deck to the GY.
Once per turn, if you control no monsters: You can send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard, then activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 Zombie-Type monster with 0 DEF in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. ● Target 1 of your banished Zombie-Type monsters with 0 DEF; return it to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Shiranui Style Synthesis" per turn.
Banish up to 2 "Speedroid" monsters from your Graveyard, then target that many cards on the field; destroy them.
The equipped monster loses 1000 ATK, but it can attack your opponent directly.
Activate only if you control 3 or more face-up "Batteryman" monsters. Destroy all cards your opponent controls.
Once per turn, when a WIND monster(s) is destroyed by a card effect and sent to your Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower WIND monster from your hand or Deck. Its effects are negated.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; the original ATK of that monster is halved until the end of this turn.
If you control no monsters: Target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated, also banish it during the End Phase. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 card you control; shuffle it into the Deck, then draw 1 card, also during the End Phase of this turn, banish 1 card from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Shuffle Reborn" once per turn.
During the Battle Phase, if you control a "Silent Magician" monster, and have more cards in your hand than your opponent: Each player draws until they have 6 cards in their hand. This card's activation and effect cannot be negated. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Silent Magician" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position, but it cannot attack.
Discard 1 card; effects that activate in the GY this turn are negated.
Target 1 "Silent Swordsman" monster you control; that monster you control gains 1500 ATK and DEF, and if it does, until the end of this turn, it is unaffected by your opponent's card effects. This card's activation and effect cannot be negated. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Silent Swordsman" monster from your Deck to your hand.
A Fairy-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Equip only to a Level 8 or higher Dragon-Type Synchro Monster. Twice per turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle. If it would be destroyed by a card effect, you can destroy this card instead.
Target 1 Dragon-Type Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You can only activate 1 "Silver's Cry" per turn.
Discard 1 Winged Beast monster; add 2 "Simorgh" monsters with different Attributes from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY; reveal 1 Winged Beast monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set). You can only activate 1 "Simorgh Onslaught" per turn.
Discard 1 Winged Beast monster; return all cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zones to the hand. You can banish this card from your GY; reveal 1 Winged Beast monster in your hand, and if you do, reduce the Levels of monsters in your hand with that name by 1 for the rest of this turn (even after they are Summoned/Set). You can only activate 1 "Simorgh Repulsion" per turn.
If you have 3 or more cards in your hand (other than this card), and none of them are monsters: Banish your entire hand face-up; add 1 monster from your Deck to your hand. If you do, you cannot Normal or Special Summon any monsters for the rest of this turn, except monsters with that name.
Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card (max. 2). You can send this card to the Graveyard; draw 1 card for each Bushido Counter on this card.
Tribute 2 face-up "Six Samurai" monsters. Special Summon 1 "Great Shogun Shien" from your Deck.
If you control 3 or more face-up "Six Samurai" monsters, you can activate 1 of these effects: ● Destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls. ● Destroy all face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls. ● Destroy all Set Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Your opponent cannot target "Magician", "Performapal", or "Odd-Eyes" cards in your Pendulum Zones with card effects. You can target 1 other face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, add 1 "Odd-Eyes" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Sky Iris" once per turn.
You can target 1 other card you control; excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck, and if you do, you can add 1 excavated "Sky Striker" card to your hand, also shuffle the rest into the Deck, then, if you excavated a "Sky Striker" card, send the targeted card to the GY. If this card in the Field Zone is sent to the GY by a card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Sky Striker Airspace - Area Zero" once per turn.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it, then, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can destroy 1 Spell/Trap on the field.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones: Target 1 Set Spell/Trap on the field; destroy it, then, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can destroy 1 monster on the field.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: Target 1 Level 4 "Sky Striker Ace" monster in your GY; add it to your hand, or, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can Special Summon that monster instead.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zone: Each player sends the top 2 cards of their Deck to the GY (or as many as possible, if less than 2), then, if you sent at least 1 card to the GY, and have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can shuffle all your opponent's monsters from the Extra Monster Zones into the Deck.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones: Target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target is unaffected by card effects this turn, except its own, and if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, it cannot be destroyed by battle this turn.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones: Special Summon 1 "Sky Striker Ace Token" (Warrior/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position, which cannot be Tributed, and if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY when this effect resolves, the Token's ATK/DEF become 1500 instead.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones: Target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; banish that monster, or, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can Special Summon that monster to your field instead, but it cannot attack.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones: Target 1 face-up Effect Monster on the field; negate that face-up monster's effects until the end of this turn, then, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can take control of that monster until the End Phase.
Once per turn: You can target 1 other card you control; send that card to the GY, also your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to your Spell Card activations for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). (You can only gain the previous effect once per turn.) Once per turn, during the End Phase: You can Set "Sky Striker" Spells with different names from your GY, up to the number of "Sky Striker" Spell Cards you activated this turn while this card was face-up on your field, but banish them when they leave the field.
Activate this card only if you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones. The equipped monster cannot attack directly. It can make a second attack on monsters during each Battle Phase. If the equipped monster destroys a monster by its attack while you have 3 or more Spells in your GY: Draw 1 card. If this card is sent from the field to the GY by a card effect: You can target up to 3 "Sky Striker" cards in your GY, except "Sky Striker Mecharmory - Hercules Base"; shuffle them into the Deck.
If you control no monsters in your Main Monster Zones: Add 1 "Sky Striker" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Sky Striker Mobilize - Engage!", then, if you have 3 or more Spells in your GY, you can draw 1 card.
Target 1 "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster you control; destroy as many monsters your opponent controls as possible, with ATK higher than that monster's, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the highest original ATK among those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard (your choice, if tied). If a "Skyscraper" Field Spell Card is in your Field Zone, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the combined original ATK of those destroyed monsters in the Graveyard, instead.
When an "Elemental HERO" monster attacks, if its ATK is lower than the ATK of the attack target, the attacking monster gains 1000 ATK during damage calculation only.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you control this card: You can target 1 "Elemental HERO" monster in your Graveyard that was destroyed by battle; Special Summon that target.
Discard 1 card; send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY, equal to the number of cards your opponent controls, then draw 1 card and show it. Then, if it was "Slash Draw", send it to the GY, and if you do, destroy as many cards on the field as possible, then inflict 2000 damage to your opponent for each card destroyed and sent to the GY by this effect. If the card you drew was not "Slash Draw", shuffle cards from your GY into your Deck, equal to the number of cards sent from your Deck to the GY by this effect. You can only activate 1 "Slash Draw" per turn.
Destroy the 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has the highest DEF (your choice, if tied).
When this card is activated: Each player can banish up to 5 Spells from their GY, face-down. When a monster declares an attack: Activate this effect; the attacked player can apply this effect.  ● Randomly add 1 of your cards banished by this card's effect to your hand, then you can discard it, and if you do, negate the attack. If you did not discard it, any battle damage you take this turn is doubled.
Special Summon as many face-up Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck as possible, but they have their effects negated (if any), then your opponent gains LP equal to the total original ATK of those Special Summoned monsters. You cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters, or attack, during the turn you activate this card.
All face-up monsters currently on the field gain 100 ATK for each monster currently on the field, until the end of this turn.
When this Equip Spell Card is active and is destroyed by a card effect, look at your opponent's hand. Select 1 card from their hand and discard it to the Graveyard.
Discard 1 card. Select 4 Reptile-Type monsters from your Deck and send them to the Graveyard.
Equip only to a monster your opponent controls. Take control of the equipped monster. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: They gain 1000 Life Points.
Increases the ATK and DEF of all Beast-Warrior and Warrior-Type monsters by 200 points.
Discard 1 "Lightsworn" monster; draw 2 cards, then send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the GY.
If you have only 1 original Type of monster in your Graveyard, all monsters you control with the same Type gain 800 ATK.
Equip only to a monster you control. If the equipped monster battles an opponent's monster, double its original ATK/DEF during that damage calculation only. If you control a monster other than the equipped monster, send this card to the GY. You can only control 1 "Solitary Sword of Poison".
All monsters you control gain 300 ATK during your turn only. All monsters you control gain 300 DEF during your opponent's turn only.
If a card(s) is banished: Gain 500 LP for each.
Target any number of monsters in your GY; Special Summon them, and if you do, you lose 1000 LP for each monster Special Summoned by this effect. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Soul Charge" per turn.
Select 1 monster equipped with a "Bamboo Sword" Equip Spell Card. If it inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent while equipped with a "Bamboo Sword" card, they skip their next Draw Phase. Destroy this card during your second Standby Phase after activation.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls; this turn, if you Tribute a monster, you must Tribute that monster, as if you controlled it. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Your opponent draws 1 card. Select 1 Pyro-Type monster from your Deck and remove it from play. Inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the ATK of the removed monster. If you activate this card, you cannot declare an attack this turn.
Increase your Life Points by 800 points.
You can target 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones; increase or reduce the Pendulum Scale of each targeted card by 1 (min. 1). You can only use this effect of "Soul Pendulum" once per turn. Each time a Pendulum Monster(s) in your possession is Pendulum Summoned, place 1 counter on this card. All Pendulum Monsters on the field gain 300 ATK for each counter on this card. You can remove 3 counters from this card; you can conduct 1 Pendulum Summon during your Main Phase this turn, in addition to your Pendulum Summon. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
Target up to 5 cards in any Graveyard(s); banish them.
Return 1 Flip Effect Monster from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target, then your opponent gains 1000 LP.
If your opponent controls a monster and you control a Normal Monster: Choose 5 Normal Monsters in your Deck, add 1 of them to your hand and banish the rest.
This card can only be activated at the start of Main Phase 1, and only if you control no face-up Synchro Monsters. Neither player can Special Summon a Synchro Monster until your opponent's next End Phase.
Detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster.
Draw 1 card for each different "Neo-Spacian" name on the monsters you control.
Banish 2 or more Dinosaur monsters from your GY; Special Summon 1 Dinosaur monster from your hand or GY whose Level equals the total Levels of those banished monsters, but it cannot attack this turn.
Equip only to "Elemental HERO Sparkman". During your Main Phase: You can target 1 face-up monster; change the battle position of that target. After you use this effect 3 times, destroy this card.
Inflict 200 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Discard 1 card from your hand. Destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field.
Target 1 Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard with 3000 or more ATK; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Special Schedule" per turn. If this Set card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 10 Machine-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand.
If you control exactly 1 Tuner and no other monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Speedroid" monster from your Deck. Neither player can activate cards or effects when that monster is Special Summoned.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, gain 500 Life Points immediately after it resolves.
When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card controlled by your opponent, select 1 Quick-Play Spell Card from your Deck and Set it after showing it to your opponent.
Send all cards in your hand to the Graveyard. Select and remove from play 5 Spell or Trap Cards from your Deck. Each time your opponent activates a Spell Card, place 1 Chronicle Counter on this card. You can remove 2 Chronicle Counters from this card to have your opponent select 1 of the cards removed from play with this card's effect, and add it to your hand. When this card is removed from the field, you take 500 damage for each card that is still removed from play due to this card's effect.
You do not pay Life Points to activate Spell Cards.
Send 3 face-up "Ancient Gear" cards you control to the Graveyard. You can Special Summon up to 1 "Ancient Gear Golem" from your hand and 1 from your Deck, ignoring the Summoning conditions. Then, destroy all monsters you control except "Ancient Gear Golems". You cannot Normal Summon or Set until the end of your next turn.
When your opponent activates a card or effect that would inflict effect damage to you: Your opponent takes the effect damage from that card or effect, instead.
Target 1 face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; place 1 Spell Counter on that target, then you can add 1 "Spell Power Grasp" from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Spell Power Grasp" per turn.
Add 1 "Endymion" card from your Deck to your hand, then you can place as many Spell Counters as possible on cards you control that you can place a Spell Counter on, up to the number of "Spell Power Mastery" and "Spell Power Grasp" you control and in your GY. You can only activate 1 "Spell Power Mastery" per turn.
Send 2 Spell Cards from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 Spell Card in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
Destroy as many face-up Spell Cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each.
Activate 1 of these effects. Your opponent takes no further damage this turn. ● During this turn, no Summon of a Spellcaster-Type monster can be negated, and when a Spellcaster-Type monster is Summoned, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects. ● Target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster you control; if it attacks this turn, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.
If you have no "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard: Reveal 3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly adds 1 of them to your hand, and shuffle the rest back into your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook Library of the Crescent" per turn. You cannot activate any Spell Cards the turn you activate this card, except "Spellbook" Spell Cards.
If you have 5 or more "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard: Excavate the top 2 cards of your Deck, add any excavated "Spellbook" Spell Cards to your hand, also shuffle the other cards into the Deck. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere" per turn. You cannot activate any Spell Cards the turn you activate this card, except "Spellbook" Spell Cards.
Target 1 of your banished "Spellbook" Spell Cards, except "Spellbook of Eternity"; add that target to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Eternity" per turn.
If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster: You can banish up to 3 "Spellbook" Spell Cards from your Graveyard; apply this effect, depending on the number of Spell Cards banished for this card's activation. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Fate" per turn.  ●1: Return 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field to the hand.  ●2: Change 1 monster on the field to face-down Defense Position or face-up Attack Position.  ●3: Banish 1 card your opponent controls.
During the End Phase of the turn this card was activated, add "Spellbook" Spell Cards from your Deck to your hand, except "Spellbook of Judgment", up to the number of Spell Cards activated after this card's resolution, then, you can Special Summon from your Deck 1 Spellcaster-Type monster whose Level is less than or equal to the number of cards added to your hand by this effect. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Judgment" per turn.
Send to the GY either 1 Spellcaster monster you control, or 1 other "Spellbook" card from your hand or face-up from your field, except "Spellbook of Knowledge", and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Knowledge" per turn.
Banish 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Graveyard and reveal 1 other "Spellbook" Spell Card in your hand to target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Attack Position and equip it with this card. The equipped monster's Level is increased by the Level of the monster that was banished for this card's activation. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Life" per turn.
Target 1 Spellcaster-Type Xyz Monster in your Graveyard and up to 2 of your banished "Spellbook" Spell Cards; Special Summon that monster, and if you do, attach the targeted "Spellbook" Spell Card(s) to it as Xyz Material. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Miracles" per turn.
Target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster you control; until the End Phase, it gains 1000 ATK. Also, until the End Phase, each time it destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can add 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Power" per turn.
Add 1 "Spellbook" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Spellbook of Secrets". You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of Secrets" per turn.
If you control a Spellcaster-Type monster: You can reveal 1 other "Spellbook" card in your hand, then target 1 "Spellbook" Normal Spell Card in your Graveyard, except "Spellbook of the Master"; this card's effect becomes that target's effect. You can only activate 1 "Spellbook of the Master" per turn.
Target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster on the field and activate 1 of these effects; ● That face-up monster is unaffected by other Spell effects this turn. ● That face-up monster is unaffected by Trap effects this turn.
Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck, then return them to the top of the Deck in any order.
Each time a "Spellbook" Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card. All Spellcaster-Type monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each Spell Counter on this card. When this card with Spell Counter(s) is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Spell Counters that were on this card.
If a monster declares an attack, it is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step. It cannot change its battle position until the End Phase of its controller's next turn, while this card remains on the field.
Once per turn, you can select 1 face-up Insect-Type monster you control. While this card remains on the field, any opponent's monster that battles with one of those monsters is changed to Defense Position at the end of the Battle Phase, and cannot change its battle position while this card is on the field.
Activate 1 of these effects;  ● If you control an "Odd-Eyes" card: Target 1 card on the field; destroy it.  ● Add to your hand, 1 Level 7 "Odd-Eyes" monster from your Deck, or 1 face-up Level 7 "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck.
If "Gaia The Fierce Knight", "Swift Gaia the Fierce Knight", or "Gaia the Dragon Champion" you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If "Gaia the Dragon Champion" inflicts battle damage with this effect: Draw 2 cards, then discard 1 card.
Once per turn, you can change the battle position of the equipped monster to Defense Position. When the equipped monster is returned from the field to the hand and this card is sent to the Graveyard, inflict 600 damage to your opponent. If this card is in the Graveyard, you can add it to your hand instead of conducting a normal draw during your Draw Phase.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 Level 4 LIGHT monster you control to that target as an Xyz Material. When this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 2 Level 4 LIGHT Thunder-Type monsters with the same name in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.
When monsters in the Graveyard are removed from play, remove monsters on your side of the field from play as substitutes. This card remains active until the end of the turn that it is activated. The substitutes remain removed from play.
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board."
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "Destiny Board".
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, all Spirit monsters remain face-up on the field and do not return to their owners' hand during the End Phase even if they are Normal Summoned or flipped face-up. Discard 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard during each of your End Phases. If you do not, destroy this card. When this card is removed from the field, all face-up Spirit monsters return to the owners' hands.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; banish it until the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Spiritual Entanglement" per turn.
Each turn, the first face-up Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Plant-Type monster you control that would be destroyed by battle, is not destroyed.
Return 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls to the hand. This card's activation and effect cannot be negated.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while you have 3 or more Cyberse monsters in your GY: Negate the attack, then you can Special Summon up to 3 "Spool Tokens" (Cyberse/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. They cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon.
Increase your Life Points by 500 points every time monsters return from the field to the owner's hand.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any LIGHT Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "SPYRAL" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, equip this card to it. It cannot be destroyed by battle. You can only activate 1 "SPYRAL GEAR - Big Red" per turn.
Equip only to "SPYRAL Super Agent". It gains 1000 ATK. If it destroys your opponent's monster by battle: You can banish both the opponent's destroyed monster and 1 other card your opponent controls. When this face-up card on the field is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "SPYRAL Super Agent" in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Destroy this card during your 3rd End Phase after activation. Once per turn, if a "SPYRAL" monster you control destroys a monster by battle, or if you destroy a card(s) on the field with a "SPYRAL" monster's effect you control: You can draw 1 card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "SPYRAL" monster from your hand.
Your opponent cannot target other "SPYRAL" cards you control with card effects. Once per turn: You can add 1 "SPYRAL" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, during your End Phase, shuffle 1 monster from your Graveyard into the Deck or destroy this card.
Target 1 "Rokket" monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Squib Draw" per turn.
If you control a Dragon-Type monster: Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict 500 damage to its controller.
Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 monster in your opponent's GY with the same original Type and Attribute as the Tributed monster; Special Summon it to your field. You can only activate 1 "Stand In" per turn.
Target 1 face-up Attack Position Effect Monster on each side of the field; if both monsters are still face-up on the field, negate their effects, then if both their effects were negated by this effect, as long as those monsters are in face-up Attack Position, they cannot be destroyed by battle, are unaffected by other card effects, also they cannot attack or change their battle positions.
Pay any number of Life Points in multiples of 500; reduce the Level of 1 monster you control or that is in your hand by 1 for each 500 Life Points you paid, until the End Phase.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field and activate 1 of these effects; ● Increase that target's Level by 1. ● Reduce that target's Level by 1.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; all face-up monsters you currently control with an ATK or DEF equal to that monster's become the same Level as that monster, until the End Phase.
Your opponent cannot target Spellcaster-Type monsters you control with Spell Cards or effects. If a face-up "Magician" Pendulum Monster Card(s) leaves your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone: Add 1 "Magician" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Star Pendulumgraph" once per turn.
During damage calculation, if your Link Monster battles an opponent’s monster: Your monster gains ATK equal to the total Levels/Ranks of the monsters it points to x 400, during that damage calculation only. You can only activate 1 “Star Power!!” per turn.
Select 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster in your Graveyard. Remove from play other monsters in your Graveyard whose total Levels equal the Level of the selected monster, and Special Summon it from the Graveyard.
When you Special Summon a monster to the Extra Monster Zone: You can target 1 monster in your opponent's Main Monster Zone; move that target to their zone in the same column as that Extra Monster Zone monster. When your opponent Special Summons a monster to the Extra Monster Zone: You can target 1 monster in your Main Monster Zone; move that target to your zone in the same column as that Extra Monster Zone monster. These effects cannot be activated in the Damage Step.
You can Tribute 1 Tuner monster; Special Summon 1 "Synchron" monster from your Deck with a different Level than the Tributed monster had on the field. During your opponent's turn, if you Special Summon a Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck: Target 1 card on the field; shuffle it into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Starlight Junktion" once per turn.
A WATER monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.
Equip only to a "tellarknight" monster you control. It gains 500 ATK and DEF, also it is unaffected by your opponent's card effects. If you control a face-up monster that is not a "tellarknight" monster, destroy this card.
The equipped monster gains 700 ATK. During each of your Standby Phases, the equipped monster loses 200 ATK.
You can only control 1 "Stoic Challenge". Equip only to a face-up Xyz Monster that has Xyz Material. It gains 600 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to a monster you control, and any battle damage your opponent takes from battles involving it and their monster is doubled, but its effects cannot be activated. During your opponent's End Phase: Send this card to the Graveyard. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.
Select 1 Defense Position monster on your opponent's side of the field and change it to Attack Position.
Destroy as many Spell/Trap Cards you control as possible, then destroy as many Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls as possible, up to the number of cards destroyed by this effect.
Special Summon 2 "Lamb Tokens" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position. You cannot Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card (but you can Set).
You can Tribute 1 face-up Level 5 or higher Normal Summoned/Set monster, then target 1 face-up card on the field; negate its effects, then draw 1 card. (The effects remain negated until the end of this turn.) During your Main Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish this card, then declare 1 Attribute; all face-up monsters currently on the field become that Attribute until the end of this turn.
Any monster that is Normal Summoned, Flip Summoned or Special Summoned is changed to Defense Position.
All "Subterror" monsters you control gain 500 ATK and DEF for each Set monster on the field. Once per turn, when a "Subterror" monster you control inflicts battle damage to your opponent: You can target 1 "Subterror" card in your Graveyard, except "Subterror Cave Clash"; add it to your hand.
During Main Phase 1, if the turn player successfully conducts their third Summon of a monster(s) this turn: It becomes the End Phase.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase, if you don't control any monsters, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Cloudian" monster from your hand or from either player's Graveyard. If you Special Summon a monster from the Graveyard with this effect, destroy this card.
Pay 1000 LP; roll a six-sided die and apply the result.  ●1 or 2: Immediately after this effect resolves, you can Normal Summon 1 monster.  ●3 or 4: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your GY.  ●5 or 6: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher monster from your hand.  You can only activate 1 "Summon Dice" per turn.
Each time a monster(s) is Special Summoned, place 1 Summon Counter on this card (max. 6). While 6 Summon Counters are on this card, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects. At the start of Main Phase 1, if 6 Summon Counters are on this card: The turn player can send this card to the GY, and if they do, send all Special Summoned monsters their opponent controls to the GY.
Add 1 Level 5 or higher Normal Monster from your Deck to your hand.
If a monster(s) is Special Summoned: The current controller of that monster(s) banishes 1 card from their hand. Once per turn, during your End Phase, pay 500 LP or destroy this card.
Target Level 4 or lower "Battlewasp" monsters in your GY, up to the number of monsters your opponent controls; Special Summon them. You can only activate 1 "Summoning Swarm" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this card, except Insect monsters.
Select 1 Gemini monster you control and Normal Summon it. During the End Phase of this turn, return it to your hand.
Special Summon 1 "Performapal Hip Hippo" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard, then you can Special Summon as many "Hippo Tokens" (Beast-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) as possible, but they cannot be Tributed, and monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters for attacks for the rest of this turn, except "Hippo Tokens". You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck while a "Hippo Token" is in a Monster Zone.
Excavate the top 3 cards of your Deck and Special Summon as many "Flower Cardian" monsters among them as possible, ignoring their Summoning conditions, but their Levels become 2 and they have their effects negated. Banish the remaining cards, face-down, and if you do, lose 1000 LP for each. You can banish this card from your Graveyard and Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 "Flower Cardian" monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only activate 1 "Super Koi Koi" per turn.
Discard 1 card; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from either side of the field as Fusion Materials. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.
If you control 3 or more "Super Quantum" monsters with different names: Shuffle as many cards your opponent controls as possible into the Deck, then your opponent Special Summons 1 monster from their Extra Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can banish this card and 1 "Super Quantal Fairy Alphan" from your Graveyard; activate 1 "Super Quantal Mech Ship Magnacarrier" from your Deck.
If a "Super Quant" monster you control is destroyed by battle: Special Summon 1 "Super Quantal Mech Beast" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, then you can Special Summon 1 "Super Quantum" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY, that is specifically listed on that Xyz Monster in its text, but negate its effects. You can only activate 1 "Super Quantal Alphancall Appeal" per turn.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 "Super Quantum" monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Super Quantal Mech Beast" Xyz Monster with the same Attribute as that monster you control by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can send this card from the Field Zone to the Graveyard, then target 3 "Super Quantal Mech Beast" Xyz Monsters with different names you control and/or in your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Super Quantal Mech King Great Magnus" from your Extra Deck, and if you do, attach the targeted monsters and their Materials to it as Xyz Materials.
During the End Phase of the turn this card was activated, draw a number of cards equal to the combined number of Dragon-Type monsters you discarded or Tributed from your hand or your side of the field this turn.
Target 1 face-up monster you control and declare 1 Attribute; if that target battles an opponent's monster with that Attribute this turn, destroy that opponent's monster at the start of the Damage Step.
Activate this card by Tributing 1 Level 2 or lower Plant-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Plant-Type monster from your hand or Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the Level the Tributed monster had on the field +3. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster. You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels exactly equal 8. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card, 1 LIGHT monster, and 1 DARK monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can only use this effect of "Super Soldier Ritual" once per turn.
This card can be used to Ritual Summon any "Black Luster Soldier" Ritual Monster from your hand or Graveyard. You must also send 1 LIGHT and 1 DARK monster (1 from your hand and 1 from your Deck) to the Graveyard, whose total Levels exactly equal 8. You can only activate 1 "Super Soldier Synthesis" per turn.
Equip only to a Machine Fusion Monster. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects during your Battle Phase. At the end of the Damage Step, if the equipped monster attacked an opponent's monster: You can banish 1 “Cyber Dragon” monster from your GY; the equipped monster can attack an opponent's monster again in a row. Your other monsters cannot attack the turn you activate this effect.
Equip only to a Gemini monster. It becomes an Effect Monster, and gains its effects. If this face-up card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: Target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Once per turn, if a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Draw 1 card.
If your Life Points were lower than your opponent's when this card was activated, gain 2000 Life Points. If your Life Points were higher than your opponent's, you take 1000 damage.
You can Fusion Summon Fusion Monsters that must be Special Summoned with "Dark Fusion", with effects other than "Dark Fusion". Once per turn, during damage calculation, if your Fiend monster battles an opponent's monster: You can send 1 "Evil HERO" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck to the GY; your monster gains ATK equal to the Level of the monster sent to the GY x 200, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field).
Target 1 Level 3 or lower Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position.
Target 1 "Fluffal" or "Frightfur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated. You can only activate 1 "Suture Rebirth" per turn.
Tribute 1 face-up Winged Beast-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Winged Beast-Type monster from your Deck with the same Level the Tributed monster had on the field.
Special Summon 1 Normal Monster from your Graveyard. It is destroyed during the End Phase of this turn.
A DARK monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 400 points and decreases its DEF by 200 points.
Equip only to a DARK monster. It gains 400 ATK. When the equipped monster is Tributed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.
Increase the ATK and DEF of a monster equipped with this card by 500 points. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, place it on top of your Deck.
This card can only be equipped to a Warrior-Type monster. A monster equipped with this card increases its ATK by 700 points. A Dragon-Type monster that battles with the monster equipped with this card is destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase. (Damage calculation is applied normally.)
Equip only to a Spirit monster. During battle, when it attacks a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the ATK of the equipped monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When the equipped monster you control is returned to the hand and this card is sent to the Graveyard, return this card to your hand.
Equip only to an "X-Saber" monster. If it destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls. You can Tribute 1 monster you control to return this card from your Graveyard to the top of your Deck.
You can only equip this card to a Level 3 or lower Normal Monster on your side of the field. When you activate this card, Tribute all Normal Monsters (except Tokens) on your side of the field, except the equipped monster. Increase the ATK of the equipped monster by 1000 points for each Normal Monster that you Tributed.
Target 1 Equip Spell Card in your Graveyard and 1 appropriate monster on the field; equip the Equip Spell Card to that monster. Destroy that Equip Spell Card during the End Phase. If you activate this card, you cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Swords at Dawn" per turn.
While you control no monsters, monsters your opponent controls cannot declare attacks. If you control a monster, or if your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand, destroy this card.
When this card resolves, all monsters your opponent controlled when this card was activated are changed to face-down Defense Position. Monsters your opponent controls cannot change their battle positions. Destroy this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.
Flip all monsters your opponent controls face-up. This card remains on the field for 3 of your opponent's turns. While this card is face-up on the field, monsters your opponent controls cannot declare an attack.
Draw 3 cards, then, if you have a "Sylvan" card in your hand, reveal 2 cards from your hand including at least 1 "Sylvan" card, then place them on the top of the Deck in any order. Otherwise, reveal your entire hand, then place it on the top of the Deck in any order. You can only activate 1 "Sylvan Charity" per turn.
To activate this card, you must draw it for your normal draw in your Draw Phase while your opponent controls 3 or more monsters and you control no monsters, reveal it, and keep it revealed until the Main Phase 1. During your Main Phase 1 that same turn: You can activate this card from your hand; reveal 1 card from your Deck, and add it to your hand.
Activate only while there are 3 Monster Cards with the same name in your Graveyard. Select 1 of those monsters, Special Summon it, and equip it with this card. When this card is destroyed, destroy the equipped monster.
Send 1 Normal Monster you control to the Graveyard, then target 1 monster in either player's Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, equip this card to it. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster.
Each time an effect of a "Symphonic Warrior" card is activated, place 1 Symphonic Counter on this card when that effect resolves. All "Symphonic Warrior" monsters on the field gain 100 ATK for each Symphonic Counter on this card. Once per turn: You can remove 5 or 7 Symphonic Counters from your field; apply this effect, depending on the number of Symphonic Counters removed.  ● 5 Counters: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each "Symphonic Warrior" card on the field.  ● 7 Counters: Banish cards your opponent controls and/or in their Graveyard, up to the number of "Symphonic Warrior" cards on the field.
If you control a Synchro Monster: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
The equipped monster gains 500 ATK, and its Level is increased by 1.
Remove from play 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control. Special Summon 1 Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck whose Level is the same as the removed monster's. Its effect(s) is negated.
If you Synchro Summon a "Warrior", "Synchron", or "Stardust" Synchro Monster: You can target 1 monster in your GY that was used as material for that Synchro Summon; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Synchro Chase" once per turn. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to the activations of the effects of your Synchro Monsters whose original names include "Warrior", "Synchron", or "Stardust".
Activate only if you have no Synchro Monsters on your side of the field or in your Graveyard. Pay 1000 Life Points and select 1 face-up Synchro Monster your opponent controls. Take control of the selected monster until the End Phase of your turn.
Target 1 Synchro Monster you control; return it to the Extra Deck, and if you do, destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with ATK less than or equal to that Synchro Monster's original ATK.
Select 2 face-up monsters you control (1 Synchro Monster and 1 non-Synchro monster). Until the End Phase of this turn, reduce the ATK of the Synchro Monster to 0, and the other monster gains ATK equal to the Synchro Monster's original ATK.
Target 1 Synchro Monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck that is 1 Level higher than that monster, but it cannot activate its effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Synchro Transcend" per turn.
Each time you Synchro Summon a Synchro Monster, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Lycanthrope". You must also Tribute monsters whose total Level equal 6 or more from the field or your hand.
Pay 1000 LP; banish all Machine-Type monsters your opponent controls and in their Graveyard.
During damage calculation, if your monster battles an opponent's monster: Your battling monster's ATK becomes equal to the ATK of the opponent's monster it is battling, during that damage calculation only, also the controller of a monster destroyed by that battle takes damage equal to their destroyed monster's original ATK at the end of the Damage Step. If your "@Ignister" monster would be destroyed by battle, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only activate 1 "TA.I. Strike" per turn.
Target 1 Level 5 or higher Dinosaur-Type monster you control; if that Dinosaur-Type monster is still face-up on the field, choose up to 2 monsters your opponent controls that have a lower Level than it, or are face-down, and return them to the hand.
Switch 1 Equip Card equipped to a monster to another correct target.
You can only activate this card while there is a face-up "Sealmaster Meisei" on your side of the field. While this card is face-up on the field, Trap Cards cannot be activated and the effects of face-up Trap Cards on the field are negated. When "Sealmaster Meisei" is removed from the field, destroy this card.
Target 2 monsters you control of the same Type with 1000 or less ATK; both monsters' Levels become the combined Levels of those 2 monsters.
Equip only to a Psychic-Type monster. You do not have to pay Life Points to activate its effect(s). When the equipped monster is destroyed and this card is sent to the Graveyard, you can pay 1000 Life Points to return this card to your hand.
Special Summon any number of Level 2 or lower Psychic-Type monsters from your Graveyard. You take damage equal to the total Levels of those monsters x 300.
Once per turn, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can pay 800 Life Points to Special Summon 1 Psychic-Type monster from your hand.
Destroy Spell/Trap Cards on the field equal to the number of other "tellarknight" cards you control.
You can activate 1 Trap Card the turn it was Set. You can send 1 "Mystical Beast of Serket" in your Monster Zone and this card you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck, or 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. You can only use each effect of "Temple of the Kings" once per turn.
Any battle damage a player takes becomes 1000.
Each time a "Six Samurai" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Bushido Counter on this card. Monsters your opponent controls lose 100 ATK for each Bushido Counter on this card.
Face-up monsters you control that were Special Summoned from the Graveyard gain 300 ATK.
Reveal 1 monster in your hand with 2400 ATK & 1000 DEF, or 2800 ATK & 1000 DEF; add 1 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Tenacity of the Monarchs". You can only activate 1 "Tenacity of the Monarchs" per turn.
Activate only during Main Phase 1. While this card is on the field, both players skip their Main Phase 2.
Activate this card if your opponent controls 3 or fewer monsters and 3 or fewer Spell/Trap Cards, while you control no other cards. Cards cannot be placed on the field if it would give any player more than 3 monsters or more than 3 Spell/Trap Cards on their field.
Add 1 Field Spell from your Deck to your hand.
Target 1 "T.G." monster you control; its ATK and DEF each become half its current ATK and DEF, and if they do, destroy 1 other Spell/Trap Card on the field.
All face-up monsters you control gain 300 ATK for each "T.G." monster you control.
If you have more cards in your Deck than your opponent does: Send cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard so you have the same number of cards in the Deck as your opponent.
Banish all Spell Cards from your Graveyard; destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls with DEF less than or equal to the number of Spell Cards you banished × 300.
All Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 200 ATK for each Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster you control.
If there are 7 or more DARK monsters in your Graveyard: Banish 5 DARK monsters from your Graveyard; draw 3 cards.
If you control a Beast, Beast-Warrior, or Winged Beast-Type monster: Draw 1 card for each of those Monster Types you control. You cannot activate other Spell/Trap Cards or effects during the turn you activate this card.
Until the end of this turn, all face-up Beast-Type monsters on your side of the field gain 200 ATK for each Beast-Type monster on your side of the field.
Tribute 1 "Invoked" monster; Special Summon 1 "Invoked" monster from your Extra Deck with a different original Attribute from that monster's. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) You can only activate 1 "The Book of the Law" per turn.
Discard up to 3 Monster Cards from your hand to the Graveyard.
(This card is also always treated as "Legendary Dragon Hermos".) Send 1 monster from your hand or field to the Graveyard, of the Type that is listed on a Fusion Monster that can only be Special Summoned with "The Claw of Hermos" (if that card is Set, reveal it), then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "The Claw of Hermos" per turn.
Only 1 monster can attack during each Battle Phase.
(This card is also always treated as "Legendary Dragon Timaeus".) Target 1 "Dark Magician" monster you control; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck that lists that monster on the field as a Fusion Material, using it as the Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "The Eye of Timaeus" per turn.
(This card is also always treated as "Legendary Dragon Critias".) Send 1 Trap Card from your hand or field to the Graveyard, that is listed on a Fusion Monster that can only be Special Summoned with "The Fang of Critias" (if that card is Set, reveal it), then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "The Fang of Critias" per turn.
Special Summon up to 2 Dragon-Type monsters from your hand. "Lord of D." must be on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Add 1 "Kuriboh" or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your Deck to your hand, OR Special Summon 1 "Kuriboh" or 1 "Winged Kuriboh" from your Deck.
Look at your opponent's hand. Select 1 card among them and return it to his/her Deck. The Deck is then shuffled.
When a LIGHT monster is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard, you can remove that monster from play to gain Life Points equal to its ATK.
All Fiend-Type monsters gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn: You can banish 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Graveyard; discard 1 Fiend-Type monster, then draw 1 card.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if you have a Spellcaster-Type monster on your side of the field or in your Graveyard: You can place 1 "Spellbook" Spell Card from your Graveyard on the bottom of your Deck, except "The Grand Spellbook Tower", then draw 1 card. When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card and sent to your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster from your hand or Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the number of "Spellbook" Spell Cards in your Graveyard.
Add 2 "LV" monsters from your Graveyard to your Deck and shuffle it.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Subterror" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can change 1 face-down Defense Position "Subterror" monster you control to face-up Attack or Defense Position. Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can change 1 face-down Defense Position "Subterror" monster you control to face-up Attack or Defense Position, then you can negate the attack. You can only activate 1 "The Hidden City" per turn.
Reveal your hand, choose 1 card from it, and shuffle it into the Deck.
Select and see 1 card in your opponent's hand.
Each time a "Kaiju" monster(s) is Special Summoned from the hand and/or Graveyard, place 1 Kaiju Counter on this card (max. 5). Once per turn: You can target 1 "Kaiju" monster on the field; destroy that monster, then Special Summon 1 "Kaiju" monster with a different original name from your Deck to its controller's field. You can send this card with 3 or more Kaiju Counters to the Graveyard; add 1 "Kaiju" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, except "The Kaiju Files".
You can only activate this card while there are 5 face-up Level 2 or lower Normal Monsters on your side of the field. Both players discard all cards in their hands, and destroy all cards on the field except Level 2 or lower Normal Monsters.
Shuffle this card into its owner's Deck, OR if this card was put into play by the effect of "Masked Beast Des Gardius", this card is treated as an Equip Card. Control of the equipped monster is switched.
Discard 1 card; add up to 2 Dragon-Type monsters with 3000 or more ATK and 2500 or less DEF from your Deck to your hand.
Once during this turn, if you would Tribute a monster(s) for a Tribute Summon, you can Tribute 1 monster your opponent controls as if you controlled it. You can only activate 1 "The Monarchs Stormforth" per turn. During the turn you activate this card, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.
"Nordic" monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by battle. If this card on the field is destroyed: Destroy all "Nordic" monsters on the field.
During the Main Phase: Target 1 DARK Xyz Monster you control with no Xyz Materials; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 DARK Xyz Monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material, and if you do, attach this card to it as additional Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 DARK Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster from your hand to that monster as Xyz Material.
Select 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Graveyard. Remove from play monsters on your side of the field whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the selected Fiend-Type monster. Then Special Summon the selected monster from your Graveyard.
Increase 1 face-up monster's DEF by 700 points until the end of this turn.
All Attack Position "Meklord Army" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, also their effects are negated.
Battle Damage to the controller of a Fairy-Type monster from a battle involving that Fairy-Type monster becomes 0.
This card's name becomes "The Sanctuary in the Sky" while on the field or in the GY. Fairy monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF. Set Spells/Traps cannot be targeted by, or destroyed by, card effects. Once per turn: You can target a total of 3 Fairy monsters and/or Counter Traps with different names in your GY; place them on top of your Deck in any order.
All monsters you control gain 500 ATK. Once per turn, this card cannot be destroyed by card effects. While you control 2 or more face-up Attack Position monsters, your opponent cannot target your monster(s) with the lowest ATK for an attack. If this card is activated: Destroy all Special Summoned monsters you control. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck. You can only activate "The Seal of Orichalcos" once per Duel.
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus".
This card can only be activated during Main Phase 1. Select 1 face-up monster on the field. Each time the selected monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points this turn, your opponent discards 1 random card.
Each player selects 1 monster in their Graveyard and Special Summons it in face-down Defense Position.
Fusion Summon 1 "Burning Abyss" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Burning Abyss" monster on the field; it gains 800 ATK and DEF until the end of your opponent's next turn.
This card can only be placed on the field by the effect of "The First Sarcophagus".
Declare 1 card name; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is the declared card, add it to your hand, then you can add to your hand, or Special Summon, 1 DIVINE monster from your Deck. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "The True Name" per turn.
Target 1 Warrior-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card's column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.  ● You can banish this card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field (except during the Damage Step) (Quick Effect); halve its current ATK for the rest of this turn, but it can attack directly this turn.  You can only control 1 "The Weather Cloudy Canvas".
"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card's column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.  ● You can banish this card, then target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls (Quick Effect); return it to the hand.  You can only control 1 "The Weather Rainy Canvas".
"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card's column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.  ● You can banish this card (Quick Effect); add 1 "The Weather" card from your Deck to your hand, also you cannot add cards from your Deck to your hand for the rest of this turn, except by drawing them.  You can only control 1 "The Weather Snowy Canvas".
"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card's column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.  ● You can banish this card, then target 1 monster you control (Quick Effect); Tribute that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "The Weather" monster from your hand or GY, but not with the same name the Tributed monster had on the field.  You can only control 1 "The Weather Sunny Canvas".
You can only control 1 "The World Legacy". Each time a face-up Level 5 or higher monster(s) is sent from the field to the GY, place 1 counter on this card for each sent card (max. 7). You can send this card with 7 counters to the GY; Special Summon 1 Cyberse Link Monster from your Extra Deck.
Each time a face-up Plant-Type monster(s) on the field is destroyed, place 1 Flower Counter on this card. You can remove any number of Flower Counters from this card to activate these effects. ● 1 Counter: Target 1 Plant-Type monster on the field; that target gains 400 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.) ● 2 Counters: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target. ● 3 Counters: Target 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Equip only to "Black Rose Dragon" or a Plant-Type monster. It gains 600 ATK. If the equipped monster attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If the equipped monster attacks a monster, after damage calculation: The attacked monster loses 600 ATK and DEF. An opponent's monster that battles with the equipped monster cannot be destroyed by that battle.
Increase the original ATK and DEF of all face-up Level 2 Normal Monsters (except Tokens) on your side of the field by 1000 points until the End Phase. Destroy all Level 2 Normal Monsters on your side of the field during the End Phase.
If you control "Dark Magician": Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Destroy all monsters you control, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each monster destroyed.
Fusion Summon 1 Thunder Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by shuffling the Fusion Materials listed on it into the Deck, from among your cards on the field, in your GY, and/or your face-up banished cards. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 Thunder monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Thunder Dragon Fusion" once per turn.
Inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each monster they control.
Pay 2000 LP, then target 1 Level 4 or lower monster you control; for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, also Special Summon 2 monsters from your Deck, with the same Type, Attribute, and Level as that monster, but with different names from each other and that monster. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Increase the Level of 1 face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control by 3, until the End Phase.
During the turn they are Special Summoned, Xyz Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects, also your opponent cannot target them with card effects. You can target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; it gains 300 ATK for each material currently attached to it, until the end of this turn, and if it does, and also has a material that is owned by your opponent, it can attack directly this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Time Thief Hack" once per turn.
You can only use one effect of this card’s name once per turn. Special Summon 1 “Time Thief” monster from your hand. During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from the GY, then target 1 “Time Thief” Xyz Monster you control; attach 3 different “Time Thief” cards (Monster, Spell, Trap) from your GY to the target as Xyz Material.
Neither player can destroy Set Spell and Trap Cards on the field until your opponent's next End Phase.
Destroy all Tokens you control, then destroy cards on the field, up to the number of Tokens destroyed by this effect.
Destroy all tokens on the field. Increase your Life Points by the number of tokens destroyed x 800 points.
When the equipped monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, you can select up to 2 monsters in your opponent's Graveyard, and remove them from play.
Each player must pay 500 Life Points to declare an attack.
When this card is activated: Banish 3 cards from the top of your Deck, face-down. This card's name becomes "Toon World" while in the Field Zone. Your opponent cannot target Toon monsters you control with card effects. If a Toon monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 card from the top of your Deck, face-down, for each of those monster(s) instead.
Target 1 Toon monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
Add 1 "Toon" card or "Manga Ryu-Ran" from your Deck to your hand.
Activate this card by paying 1000 LP.
Activate only when there are 3 or more cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone. Destroy 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone.
Once per turn: You can discard 1 card; draw 1 card and show it, then if it is a "Fluffal" monster, you can Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. Otherwise, discard the card you drew. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Edge Imp Sabres" or 1 "Fluffal" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Discard 1 Level 8 monster; draw 2 cards.
If your LP is higher than your opponent's, switch your LP with your opponent.
Must be equipped to an EARTH Machine-Type monster, by banishing 2 Level 10 or higher Machine-Type monsters from your Graveyard, and cannot be equipped by other ways. The equipped monster's ATK becomes double its original ATK, also if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. Other monsters you control cannot attack.
Send 1 "Winged Kuriboh" you control and 2 cards from your hand to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Winged Kuriboh LV10" from your hand or Deck.
Send 1 face-up monster you control to the GY; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 monster with the same Type and Attribute as that monster in the GY, but 1 Level higher. You can only activate 1 "Transmodify" per turn.
Inflict 1000 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points and 500 points of damage to your Life Points.
Activate only by sending 1 face-up "Blaze Accelerator" on your side of the field to the Graveyard. You can send 1 Pyro-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard to destroy 1 monster your opponent controls and inflict 500 damage to your opponent, but you cannot declare an attack during this turn if you do.
Target 3 Level 2 or lower Normal Monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them from the Graveyard.
You can only activate 1 "Trial and Tribulation" per turn. During the End Phase of the turn this card was activated, apply this effect, depending on the number of monsters you Tributed from the field and from your hand this turn, except Tokens. ● 1: Draw 1 card. ● 2: Add 2 monsters from your Graveyard to your hand. ● 3+: Destroy up to 3 face-up cards on the field.
Equip only to "White Magician Pikeru" or "Ebon Magician Curran"; it gains 800 ATK. During a turn that the equipped monster destroyed a Level 5 or higher monster by battle, you can Tribute the equipped monster and this card to Special Summon from your hand or Deck: 1 "Princess Pikeru" if you Tributed "White Magician Pikeru", or 1 "Princess Curran" if you Tributed "Ebon Magician Curran".
Each time a Rock-Type monster is Normal Summoned, gain 500 LP. If a "Triamid" monster is Normal Summoned: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card. If this face-up card in the Field Zone is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Triamid" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Triamid Cruiser" once per turn.
All Rock-Type monsters on the field gain 500 DEF. "Triamid" monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this face-up card in the Field Zone is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Triamid" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Triamid Fortress" once per turn.
All Rock-Type monsters on the field gain 500 ATK. If a "Triamid" monster you control battles, your opponent's cards and effects cannot be activated until the end of the Damage Step. If this face-up card in the Field Zone is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "Triamid" monster from your hand. You can only use this effect of "Triamid Kingolem" once per turn.
Until the End Phase, the ATK of all "Harpie Lady Sisters" currently on the field becomes 2700, your opponent cannot activate any Trap Cards, also negate all your opponent's Trap Card effects on the field.
Increase the original ATK and DEF of all face-up Level 1 Normal Monsters (except Tokens) on your side of the field by 2000 points until the End Phase. Destroy all Level 1 Normal Monsters on your side of the field during the End Phase.
You cannot Special Summon for the rest of this turn. Once during this turn, you can conduct a Tribute Summon that requires 2 Tributes by banishing 1 monster from each Graveyard instead of Tributing (it is still treated as a Tribute Summon).
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 Level 7 monster from your hand that can be Normal Summoned or Normal Set. It cannot attack this turn.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 monster on the field; destroy it.
Target 1 "Trickstar" monster you control and 1 face-up monster on the field; return that "Trickstar" monster to the hand, and if you do, the other monster gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the returned monster, until the end of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Trickstar Bouquet" per turn.
Special Summon 2 "Trickstar Tokens" (Fairy/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). If a "Trickstar" monster(s) you control that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only activate 1 "Trickstar Fes" per turn. You cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except "Trickstar" monsters.
Fusion Summon 1 "Trickstar" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY; add it to your hand, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters with that name.
If you Link Summon a "Trickstar" monster: You can target 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY that was used as its material; Special Summon it in Defense Position, but negate its effects. You can only use this effect of "Trickstar Light Arena" once per turn. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is in the Field Zone, that Set card cannot be activated until the End Phase, and your opponent must activate it during the End Phase or else return it to the hand.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Trickstar" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn: You can target 1 Set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone; while this card is in the Field Zone, that Set card cannot be activated until the End Phase, and your opponent must activate it during the End Phase or else send it to the GY. Each time a "Trickstar" monster you control inflicts battle or effect damage to your opponent, inflict 200 damage to them.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 "Trickstar" monster from your GY to your hand. You can only use each of the following effects of "Trickstar Live Stage" once per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate either of the following effects, except "Trickstar" monsters.  ● If you control a "Trickstar" Link Monster: You can Special Summon 1 "Trickstar Token" (Fairy/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0).  ● If your opponent controls a card in their Spell & Trap Zone: You can Special Summon 1 "Trickstar Token".
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY: Special Summon it and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster. Once per turn, if the equipped monster inflicts damage to your opponent by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Trickstar" monster from your hand. You can only activate 1 "Trickstar Magical Laurel" per turn.
Send 1 face-up "The Tricky" you control to the Graveyard; Special Summon "Tricky Tokens" (Spellcaster-Type/WIND/Level 5/ATK 2000/DEF 1200) in Defense Position, equal to the number of monsters your opponent controls. "Tricky Tokens" cannot declare an attack.
During your Main Phase: You can draw cards equal to the number of "True Draco" and "True King" card types (Monster, Spell, and Trap) sent from the field to the Graveyard this turn. During your Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster face-up. If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "True Draco Heritage" once per turn.
If a monster you control attacks a monster whose ATK is higher than itself during damage calculation: Your battling monster gains ATK equal to the difference between your LP and your opponent's, during that damage calculation only. You can only activate 1 "Tsukumo Slash" per turn.
Discard 1 monster; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 Tuner monster with the same original Type and Attribute, but 1 Level higher than the discarded monster had in hand.
Add 1 "Synchron" Tuner monster from your Deck to your hand, then send the top card of your Deck to the Graveyard.
Ritual Summon 1 "Ruin, Queen of Oblivion" or "Demise, King of Armageddon" from your hand or Deck. You must also Tribute Ritual Monsters from your hand whose total Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster you Ritual Summon. You can only activate 1 “Turning of the World” per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Crab Turtle". You must also offer monsters whose total Level Stars equal 8 or more as a Tribute from the field or your hand.
If you control "Punishment Dragon": Target 1 "Judgment Dragon" in your GY; add it to your hand, then send the top 4 cards of your Deck to the GY. If this card is sent from the Deck to the GY by a "Lightsworn" monster's effect: You can target 1 "Punishment Dragon" in your GY; add it to your hand, then banish the top 4 cards of your Deck.
Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; equip this card to a monster. It loses 500 ATK, but it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
Discard 1 card, then target up to 2 Spell/Trap Cards on the field; destroy them.
Pay 500 LP, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy that target.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it to your opponent's side of the field, but negate its effects, also equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. The equipped monster cannot attack, also monsters cannot target it for attacks. If this card is send to the GY because the equipped monster is used as Fusion, Synchro, Xyz or Link Material: You can take control of that Fusion, Synchro, Xyz or Link Summoned monster. You can only activate 1 "Two Frogs with One Hop" per turn.
During each player's End Phase, the turn player can Special Summon 1 Level 4 Normal Monster from their hand.
Fusion Summon 1 "Dinowrestler" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Material, and if you do, the first time that face-up monster on the field would be destroyed by battle or card effect, it is not destroyed.
Tribute 1 Effect Monster; Special Summon 1 non-Effect Monster with the same original Type/Attribute from your GY. You can only activate 1 "Tyrant Farm" per turn.
Equip only to a "U.A." monster. It gains 1000 ATK and DEF, also if it battles an opponent's monster, any battle damage it inflicts to your opponent is doubled. If the equipped monster destroys a monster by its attack: It can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. During your Standby Phase: Banish the equipped monster. If this card is sent to the Graveyard because the equipped monster returned to the hand: You can return this card to the hand.
Special Summon 1 "U.A." monster from your Deck, but its effects are negated, also it cannot be used as Synchro or Xyz Material for a Summon. Then you lose LP equal to the Level of the monster you Special Summoned by this effect x 300. You can only activate 1 "U.A. Signing Deal" per turn.
If a "U.A." monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field: You can add 1 "U.A." monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if a "U.A." monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field: All monsters you currently control gain 500 ATK (even if this card leaves the field).
If you control 2 or more "U.A." monsters with different names: Shuffle as many monsters on the field as possible into the Deck, then Special Summon "U.A." monsters from your Deck that have different names from each other, up to the number of cards shuffled into your Main Deck, but those monsters cannot attack this turn. Then your opponent can Special Summon monsters from their Deck, up to the number of cards shuffled into their Main Deck. You can only activate 1 "U.A. Turnover Tactics" per turn.
Tribute 1 Reptile-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your hand.
Pay 2000 LP; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using 2 monsters you control as Fusion Materials. Neither player can activate cards or effects in response to this card's activation. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Fusion Monster that was Fusion Summoned by this card's effect; Special Summon all the Fusion Materials that were used for its Fusion Summon from your Graveyard, but change their ATK and DEF to 0, also they have their effects negated.
Increase the ATK and DEF of all Fish, Sea Serpent, Thunder, and Aqua-Type monsters by 200 points. Decrease the ATK and DEF of all Machine and Pyro-Type monsters by 200 points.
Increase the ATK of all WATER monsters by 500 points and decrease their DEF by 400 points.
If you control a Spellcaster monster: Special Summon 1 "Fortune Fairy" monster from your hand.
If you control no monsters: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Normal Monster from the Deck.
Target 1 Tuner in either player's GY and 1 face-up monster on the field; banish that monster in the GY, then, until the end of this turn, the Level of that monster on the field becomes the same as the banished monster's, also it is treated as a Tuner. You can only activate 1 "Uni-Song Tuning" per turn.
Select 1 removed from play Level 5 or lower Beast-Type or Winged Beast-Type monster. Remove from play 1 card in your hand and Special Summon the selected monster in Attack Position.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; add up the total ATK of all other face-up Attack Position monsters you currently control, then during the Battle Phase of this turn only, the monster gains that much ATK, but cannot inflict battle damage to your opponent, also other face-up Attack Position monsters cannot attack.
When this card is activated: You can add 1 LIGHT Machine-Type Union monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn, if a LIGHT Machine-Type Union monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of those monsters; equip 1 appropriate LIGHT Machine-Type Union monster, with a different name, from your Deck to that monster, but the Union monster you equipped cannot be Special Summoned this turn. You can only activate 1 "Union Hangar" per turn.
The equipped monster gains 800 ATK and DEF for each face-up monster you control.
Select 1 monster on your side of the field. The DEF of the selected monster becomes equal to the combined original DEF of all face-up monsters on your side of the field, until the end of this turn.
All Gemini Monsters that were on your side of the field when this card was activated are treated as Effect Monsters, and gain their effect(s). During the End Phase of this turn, Set all monsters affected by this card's effect.
While your LP is lower than your opponent's, the equipped monster's original ATK becomes 2400. While your LP is higher, the equipped monster's original ATK becomes 1000.
Draw 1 card, then your opponent gains 1000 Life Points.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower EARTH Machine monster and 1 Level 5 or higher EARTH Machine monster from your Deck in Defense Position, but their effects are negated. You cannot declare attacks the turn you activate this card, except with Machine monsters. If this Set card is sent from the field to the GY: You can add 1 Level 10 Machine monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Urgent Schedule" once per turn.
Return 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" from your Graveyard to the Deck. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your hand or your Graveyard.
If you control a "Utopia" monster: Destroy the 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied), and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK on the field.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Fairy-Type monster from your hand. You must control no monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.
If all monsters you control are "Valkyrie" monsters: Target 1 "Valkyrie" monster you control in Attack Position and 1 monster your opponent controls; change your monster to Defense Position, and if you do, banish that opponent's monster. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card, except "Valkyrie" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Valkyrie's Embrace" per turn.
Zombie-Type monsters gain 500 ATK during damage calculation only. Once per turn, when a card(s) is sent from your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard: Target 1 card on the field; send 1 DARK "Vampire" monster from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, destroy that target.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ●Target 1 face-up monster you control; send 1 "Vampire" monster from your Deck to the GY with a different Level from that monster, and if you do, the targeted monster becomes the Level of that sent monster in the GY, until the end of this turn.  ●Target 1 "Vampire" monster in your GY; send 1 monster you control to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon the targeted monster.  You can only activate 1 "Vampire's Desire" per turn.
Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP; during your Main Phase this turn, you can Normal Summon 1 "Vampire" monster in addition to your Normal Summon/Set. (Even if this card leaves the field. You can only gain this effect once per turn.) Each time your "Vampire" monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Gain the same amount of LP.
Return 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control to the Extra Deck to select and Special Summon a Tuner monster(s) from your Graveyard, whose total Levels equal the Level of that Synchro Monster. You cannot Synchro Summon the turn you activate this card.
Fusion Summon 1 "Vehicroid" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by card effects, and its effects cannot be negated.
During your Draw Phase, if you draw a DARK monster(s): You can reveal any number of them; send them to the GY, then you can draw 1 more card.
Send 1 Zombie monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Vendread Charge" per turn.
Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 or more "Vendread" monsters from your hand and/or field, then target 1 face-up monster you control; increase its Level by the number of monsters Tributed, until the end of this turn. When your attacking "Vendread" Ritual Monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can have your monster gain 1000 ATK. You can only use this effect of "Vendread Nightmare" once per turn.
You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Vendread" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Vendread Nights" once per turn. When your "Vendread" monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can banish 1 "Vendread" monster from your GY; it can attack an opponent's monster again in a row.
Monsters cannot attack the turn they are Summoned.
When control of the equipped monster changes, inflict damage equal to its original ATK to its new controller.
Activate only while you control a face-up "Venom" monster, "Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes", or "Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes". Send 1 Reptile-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard and place 2 Venom Counters on 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.
During each player's End Phase: Place 1 Venom Counter on each face-up monster, except "Venom" monsters. Monsters lose 500 ATK for each Venom Counter on them. Destroy a monster if its ATK becomes 0 by this effect.
When a face-up Insect-Type monster is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, its controller can add 1 Insect-Type monster with the same Level as the destroyed monster from their Deck to their hand.
Tribute any number of WIND monsters, except Tokens; Special Summon an equal number of "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). You can only activate 1 "Vertical Landing" per turn.
Send 1 Wyrm monster from your Deck to the GY, then, if you control a face-up non-Effect Monster, you can add 1 "Tenyi" monster from your Deck to your hand with a different name from the monster sent to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Vessel for the Dragon Cycle" per turn.
The equipped monster gains 300 ATK. If the equipped monster would be destroyed by battle, return this card to its owner's hand instead. Then, destroy 1 monster, except the one that battled the equipped monster, and inflict 600 damage to your opponent. After that, Special Summon 1 "Evil Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 7/ATK 2500/DEF 2500) on your opponent's side of the field. During the turn this card is returned to your hand, you cannot use "Vicious Claw" from your hand.
A Plant-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
A Zombie-Type monster equipped with this card increases its ATK and DEF by 300 points.
Activate only if all monsters in your Graveyard are Reptile-Type. Select 1 non-Tuner monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon it. Destroy it during the End Phase.
Fusion Summon 1 "HERO" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Material. If you have a Monster Card(s) in your Spell & Trap Zone as a Continuous Trap, you can also banish up 2 of those cards as Fusion Material. You can only activate 1 "Vision Fusion" per turn.
Target 1 "Vision HERO" Monster Card in your Spell & Trap Zone; Special Summon it. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Vision HERO" monster in your GY; add it to your hand.
During your Standby Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Infernoid Token" (Fiend-Type/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). To Special Summon an "Infernoid" monster using its own procedure, you can banish "Infernoid" monster(s) you control instead of those in the Graveyard (or any combination of both). Your opponent cannot target "Infernoid" monsters you control for attacks or with card effects, except the "Infernoid" monster you control with the highest Level (either, if tied).
"Infernoid" monsters you control whose original Levels are 2 or higher become Level 1 and all battle damage they inflict to your opponent is halved. You can send this card to the Graveyard; Fusion Summon 1 "Infernoid" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or your side of the field as Fusion Materials. If your opponent controls a monster that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, and you do not, you can also use up to 6 monsters in your Deck as Fusion Materials.
Target 1 "Infernoid" monster you control; that target is unaffected by the opponent's card effects this turn. If an "Infernoid" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by a card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead of destroying 1 of those monsters.
You can discard 1 card; add 1 "Void" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to your hand, except "Void Vanishment" or "Null and Void", also you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Infernoid" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Void Vanishment" once per turn. If an "Infernoid" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: You can send this card to the Graveyard; banish those monsters.
Equip only to a "Vylon" monster. If it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing Battle Damage to your opponent. If this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Vylon" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
When any face-up "Vylon" Equip Card(s) you control are destroyed (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon an equal or lower number of "Vylon" Tuner monsters from your Deck. They cannot be used as Synchro Material Monsters, except for the Synchro Summon of a "Vylon" Synchro Monster.
Equip only to a "Vylon" monster. If the equipped monster attacks, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. If this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Vylon" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
Equip only to a "Vylon" monster. It gains 600 ATK. If this face-up card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Vylon" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
Select 3 Equip Spell Cards in your Graveyard. Return them to the Deck and apply 1 of these effects: ● Draw 1 card. ● Destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
Target any number of "Vylon" Monster Cards you control that are Equip Cards; Special Summon them in face-up Defense Position. Banish them when they leave the field.
Equip only to a "Vylon" monster. It cannot be targeted by the opponent's monster effects or Trap effects. If this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Vylon" Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
If you Link Summon an "Unchained" Link Monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. If this Set card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Wailing of the Unchained Souls" once per turn.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Super War-Lion". You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal 7 or more.
Destroy all face-up Warrior-Type monsters on the field.
Increases the ATK and DEF of all Dinosaur, Zombie, and Rock-Type monsters by 200 points.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower WATER monster from your hand. You must control no monsters to activate and to resolve this effect.
If you control no monsters: Target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Attack Position, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot activate monster effects, except the effects of that monster on the field. You can only activate 1 "Water of Life" per turn.
Any monster that attacks a "Watt" monster loses 1000 ATK after damage calculation.
When a Thunder-Type monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, gain Life Points equal to the damage inflicted.
Equip only to a Thunder-Type monster. It gains 100 ATK for each Thunder-Type monster in your Graveyard. You can send this face-up card from the field to the Graveyard to have 1 face-up Thunder-Type monster you control gain 1000 ATK.
Equip only to a Level 3 or lower Thunder-Type monster. It gains 800 ATK, also its effects are negated. Each time it inflicts battle damage to your opponent: Draw 1 card.
Face-up "Watt" monsters you control can attack your opponent directly this turn.
Add "Watt" cards with different names from your Deck to your hand, except "Wattrain", up to the number of Thunder monsters you control with different names. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon as many "Watt" monsters as possible with different names from your hand. You can only use each effect of "Wattrain" once per turn.
During your Main Phase, you can send this card to the Graveyard to inflict 1000 points of damage to your opponent for each of your Standby Phases that have passed since this card was activated.
While you have no cards in your hand, face-up "Infernity" monsters you control gain 400 ATK and DEF. You can send this face-up card from the field to the Graveyard to send all cards from your hand to the Graveyard.
Destroy as many cards in each player's Pendulum Zones as possible, then apply these effects, in sequence, depending on the number of cards destroyed by this effect.  ●1 or more: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.  ●2 or more: You can add 1 Pendulum Monster from your Main Deck to your hand.  ●3 or more: You can banish 1 card on the field.  ●4: You can add 1 "Wavering Eyes" from your Deck to your hand.
Once during each of your Standby Phases: You can pay 700 Life Points, then target 1 Warrior or Machine-Type monster you control; switch the current ATK and DEF of that target until the end of your opponent's next turn.
Target 2 face-up "Wind-Up" monsters you control with different Levels; your opponent chooses 1 of them, and the Level of the other monster becomes the same as the chosen monster's, until the End Phase. Then, if your opponent chose the monster with a lower Level, you can draw 1 card.
All Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 2 or lower monsters gain 1200 ATK.
If you control a face-up Level 1 monster: Add 1 Level 1 monster from your Deck to your hand. During the End Phase of this turn, take 2000 damage if you did not Normal Summon the added monster, or a card with the same name, after activating this card.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Paladin of White Dragon". You must also Tribute monsters from your hand or field whose total Levels equal 4 or more.
Send 1 face-up non-Effect Monster you control to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards.
While the equipped monster battles, your opponent cannot activate any Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. When an attack is declared involving the equipped monster: Face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls have their effects negated until the end of the Damage Step (even if this card leaves the field). When the equipped monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls. When this face-up card in a player's Spell & Trap Zone leaves the field, that player takes 3000 damage.
You can target 1 Fish monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Whitefish Salvage" once per turn. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your GY: Take 1 Fish monster from your Deck, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it.
Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard; equip this card to a monster. It gains 500 ATK. Negate the effects of monsters destroyed by battle with the equipped monster.
Pay 500 Life Points. Destroy a face-up "Blaze Accelerator" card you control and destroy all monsters on the field. Then, Special Summon 1 "Wild Fire Token" (Pyro-Type/FIRE/Level 3/ATK 1000/DEF 1000) in Attack Position. Also, you cannot declare an attack this turn.
Target 1 Beast or Beast-Warrior-Type monster; it gains ATK equal to its current DEF until the End Phase. During the End Phase, destroy it.
During your Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your hand or GY. You can send this face-up card from the field to the GY, then target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control that was Link Summoned using a monster with its same name as material; Special Summon "Salamangreat" monster(s) from the hand and/or GY in Defense Position, up to the number of that monster's Link Rating. You can only use 1 "Will of the Salamangreat" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn, if an effect of a "Wind-Up" monster is activated (except during the Damage Step): You can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Wind-Up" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If you control no monsters, select 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard. Special Summon it. During the End Phase of this turn, give control of that Special Summoned monster to your opponent. The monster cannot be Tributed, or used as a Synchro Material Monster, while it is face-up on the field.
The first time each "Witchcrafter" monster you control would be destroyed each turn, by battle or card effect, it is not destroyed. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Witchcrafter Bystreet" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● If a "Witchcrafter" monster you control would discard to activate an effect, you can send this card from your field to the GY instead.  ● During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can place this card face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone.
Target 1 "Witchcrafter" monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn, also, if it attacks this turn, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Witchcrafter Collaboration" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Add 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck to your hand. During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Witchcrafter Creation" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Target Spells/Traps your opponent controls, up to the number of "Witchcrafter" monsters you control; return those targeted cards to the hand. During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Witchcrafter Draping" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Target 1 "Witchcrafter" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can add this card to your hand. You can only use 1 "Witchcrafter Holiday" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn, when your Spellcaster monster destroys a monster by battle: You can draw 1 card. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Witchcrafter Scroll" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● If a "Witchcrafter" monster you control would discard to activate an effect, you can send this card from your field to the GY instead.  ● During your End Phase, if you control a "Witchcrafter" monster, while this card is in your GY: You can place this card face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone.
Once per turn: You can send any number of cards from your hand to the GY; place 1 Balloon Counter on this card for each card sent to the GY. All monsters your opponent controls lose 300 ATK for each Balloon Counter on this card.
Select 1 face-up monster you control and send 1 Level 4 Plant-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard. During the turn, the selected monster can attack twice, but other monsters you control cannot declare an attack.
Equip only to a Spellcaster-Type monster. It gains 500 ATK. If you control the equipped monster and this card: You can send both to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards.
While you control a "Dinowrestler" monster, each player can attack with only 1 monster during each Battle Phase. If your "Dinowrestler" monster attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 200 ATK during damage calculation only. If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: You can banish this card from the GY; Special Summon 1 "Dinowrestler" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "World Dino Wrestling" once per turn.
Banish 1 face-up monster you control (until the End Phase), then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses ATK/DEF equal to the original ATK/DEF of that banished monster.
All "World Chalice" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK and DEF. Once per turn, if a face-up "World Chalice" monster you control is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 "World Chalice" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.
When you activate this card: You can also target 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon monster in your GY; if you did, either add it to your hand or Special Summon it. Once per turn: You can target 1 Dragon monster you control; move that monster you control to another of your Main Monster Zones. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy's Guardragon" per turn.
All "Krawler" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Insect monster from your hand in face-up or face-down Defense Position. When your Flip monster is destroyed by battle with an opponent's monster: You can send that opponent's monster to the GY.
When this card is activated: You can target 1 of your banished "Mekk-Knight" monsters or "World Legacy" cards; add it to your hand. Negate any opponent's Trap Card effect that activates in the same column as a "Mekk-Knight" monster you control.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Special Summon 1 Level 9 monster from your hand.  ● Target 1 Level 9 monster you control; Special Summon from your Deck, 2 Level 9 monsters each with different original Type and Attribute from that face-up targeted monster, and with different names from each other, but these 2 monsters cannot attack, also destroy them during the End Phase.  You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Monstrosity" per turn.
All "Mekk-Knight" monsters on the field gain 300 ATK/DEF. Once per turn: You can discard 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster or 1 "World Legacy" card; draw 1 card. You can banish 8 "Mekk-Knight" monsters with different names from your GY and/or face-up from your field; send your opponent's entire hand and Extra Deck to the GY.
Target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it to your zone a Link Monster points to. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Succession" per turn.
Excavate the top 5 cards of your Deck, then if you excavated a "Krawler" monster or a "World Legacy" card, add 1 of them to your hand, also send the remaining cards to the GY. Otherwise, shuffle all excavated cards into the Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Link Monsters. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Survivor" per turn.
Once per turn, if a face-up Link Monster you control is destroyed by battle, or leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position. You can only control 1 "World Legacy's Corruption".
Target 2 "World Chalice" monsters in your GY with different names; add them to your hand. If your linked Link Monster would be destroyed by battle, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy's Heart" per turn.
Special Summon 1 "Mekk-Knight" monster from your hand or Deck in Defense Position, but return it to the hand during the End Phase. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Mekk-Knight" monsters. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy's Memory" per turn.
You take no battle damage from attacks involving your co-linked monsters. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects;  ● Move 1 "Knightmare" monster you control to another of your Main Monster Zones.  ● Switch the locations of 2 "Knightmare" monsters in your Main Monster Zones.
Activate only if you control a face-up Insect-Type monster. Special Summon 2 "Worm Tokens" (Insect-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) to your side of the field. You cannot Normal Summon or Special Summon Level 3 or 4 monsters the turn you activate this card.
Once per turn, if your opponent controls a monster and you control no monsters, you can Special Summon 1 Reptile-Type "Worm" monster from your hand in face-down Defense Position.
Select 1 face-up "Elemental HERO Neos" you control. Return it to the Deck and destroy all cards on the field.
If you control a Rank 6 or higher Xyz Monster: Destroy all Set cards your opponent controls.
When a "Utopia" monster is Xyz Summoned to your side of the field: You can pay 500 LP; draw 1 card. You can only control 1 "Xyz Change Tactics".
During the turn a face-up Xyz Monster you control was destroyed, if you control no monsters: Target 1 Xyz Monster in your Graveyard that was destroyed this turn and 1 monster in your Graveyard with ATK less than or equal to that Xyz Monster's; Special Summon these targets, but they are destroyed during the End Phase.
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls that has Xyz Material; detach all Xyz Materials from it, and if you do, return it to the Extra Deck, then, if there is a Monster Card in the Graveyard among those detached Xyz Materials, Special Summon as many of those monsters as possible from the Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field in face-up Defense Position. Their Levels are reduced by 1 on the field. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.
Detach 1 Xyz Material you control to target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
If you control 2 or more face-up Xyz Monsters: Detach 2 Xyz Materials from a monster you control and draw 2 cards.
If an Xyz Monster on the field would activate its effect by detaching its own Xyz Material(s), its controller can banish 1 card from their hand face-down instead of detaching 1 of those Xyz Materials. Each player can only use this effect once per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster you control that has a Level; Special Summon 1 monster with the same Level as that monster from your hand. Its effects are negated, also its ATK and DEF become 0.
If your opponent controls a face-up Xyz Monster that has Xyz Material: Target 1 Xyz monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster your opponent controls and attach it to that monster as an Xyz Material. You can only activate 1 "Xyz Revenge" per turn.
Tribute 1 Xyz Monster; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 monster with the same Type, Attribute, and Rank as that Tributed monster had on the field, but with a different name, and if you do, attach this card to it as an Xyz Material. During the End Phase, send it to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Xyz Shift" per turn.
When an Xyz Monster battles another monster, that Xyz Monster gains 200 ATK & DEF x its Rank, during damage calculation only. If this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by a card effect, you can detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster you control instead.
Equip only to a face-up Xyz Monster. It gains ATK equal to its Rank × 200. If the equipped monster you control would detach its Xyz Material to activate its effect: You can detach this card as 1 of the Xyz Materials.
Increases the ATK and DEF of all Fiend and Spellcaster-Type monsters by 200 points. Also decreases the ATK and DEF of all Fairy-Type monsters by 200 points.
Target 3 "Yang Zing" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Yang Zing Path" per turn.
This card gains these effects, based on the number of different Attributes the "Yang Zing" monsters in your Graveyard have.  ●2 or more: All "Yang Zing" monsters you control gain 500 ATK.  ●3 or more: If a "Yang Zing" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send this card to the Graveyard instead.  ●4 or more: Your opponent cannot Set monsters. Change all face-up monsters your opponent controls to Attack Position.  ●5 or more: You can send this card to the Graveyard; destroy all cards on the field.
Increase the DEF of all monsters on your side of the field by 300 points.
Each time a "Yosenju" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned, place 1 Yosen Counter on this card. You can remove any number of Yosen Counters from this card; apply this effect, depending on the number of Yosen Counters removed. You can only use this effect of "Yosen Training Grounds" once per turn. ●1 Counter: All "Yosenju" monsters you currently control gain 300 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). ●3 Counters: Add 1 "Yosenju" card from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
Activate this card by paying 800 LP. Once per turn, if a face-up "Yosenju" monster you control returns to the hand (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand. During your End Phase, unless this effect was activated this turn (and was not negated), destroy this card.
If you control no monsters: Activate 1 of these effects; ● Add 1 Level 5 or higher "Yosenju" monster from your Deck to your hand. ● Place 1 "Yosenju Shinchu L" and 1 "Yosenju Shinchu R" from your Deck in your Pendulum Zones, but destroy them during your opponent's next End Phase. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Yosenju" monsters.
If you control 3 or more "Yosenju" Monster Cards with different names: Return all "Yosenju" Monster Cards you control to the hand, then you can draw until you have 5 cards in your hand. You can only activate 1 "Yosenju Wind Worship" per turn.
Offer your opponent a handshake. If they accept your handshake, each player's Life Points become half the combined Life Points of both players. If you have "Unity" in your hand and show it to your opponent, they must accept the handshake.
When this Set card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, select 1 Continuous Spell or Field Spell Card in your Graveyard, and add it to your hand.
Activate this card only if you have 2 "Zefra" cards in your Pendulum Zones, with active Pendulum Scales of 1 and 7. If this card is activated: Shuffle all monsters you control into the Deck, except "Zefra" monsters. Neither player can Special Summon monsters, except from the hand or Extra Deck. While you have a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone, this card cannot be targeted by card effects. Destroy this card if a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone is destroyed.
Add 1 "Zefra" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Zefra Providence". If a "Zefra" card(s) you control would be destroyed, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead. You can only activate 1 "Zefra Providence" per turn.
Target 1 "Wind-Up" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position. Its effect(s) is negated, and it cannot be Tributed or used as a Synchro Material Monster.
This card is used to Ritual Summon "Zera the Mant". You must also Tribute monsters from the field or your hand whose total Levels equal 8 or more.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Link Monster you control co-linked to a Link Monster in the Extra Monster Zone. The targeted monster gains 800 ATK for each Link Monster on the field. If a Link Monster is Link Summoned using the targeted monster as material: That Link Monster gains ATK equal to the ATK gained by the above effect, until the end of this turn. After damage calculation, if the targeted monster attacked: Destroy this card.
Activate only if you have no cards in your hand. Select 1 "Infernity" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon it, and destroy all face-up monsters on the field with ATK lower than the Special Summoned monster's ATK. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase during the same turn you activate this card.
Your opponent cannot target face-up Attack Position monsters with 0 ATK for attacks.
All "Zoodiac" monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. Monsters your opponent controls cannot target face-up Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control for attacks, except the Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control with the highest ATK (either, if tied). Once per turn, if a "Zoodiac" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by card effect, you can destroy 1 monster in your hand or field instead of 1 "Zoodiac" monster.
If a Level 5 or higher Zombie monster is on the field: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can shuffle 1 of your banished Zombie monsters into the Deck, and if you do, Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Zombie Necronize" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Target 1 Zombie monster on the field; until the end of this turn, it gains 1000 ATK or loses 1000 ATK. During your Main Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can shuffle 1 of your banished Zombie monsters into the Deck, and if you do, Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Zombie Power Struggle" once per turn.
All monsters on the field and in the GYs become Zombie monsters. Neither player can Tribute Summon monsters, except Zombie monsters.
You can target 1 face-up card you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Zoodiac" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Zoodiac Barrage" once per turn. If this card is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Zoodiac" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card from your Graveyard to that Xyz Monster as Xyz Material.
