A player cannot attack face-down monsters during this turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Your opponent chooses 1 random card from your hand, then if it is a monster that can be Special Summoned, Special Summon it. Otherwise, send it to the Graveyard.
Tribute 1 face-up Attack Position Level 2 or lower monster you control. Return all face-up Level 7 or higher Special Summoned monsters to the hand.
Select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. Special Summon 1 monster from your hand that has the same Level as the selected monster.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "@Ignister" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK, also your opponent's monsters must attack it, if able. If this face-up card in your Spell & Trap Zone leaves the field because of an opponent's effect, and is now in the GY or banished: Draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "A.I. Shadow" once per turn.
Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your hand or GY. If this Set card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Abominable Chamber of the Unchained" once per turn.
Activate only during your opponent's turn. This turn, the attacks from your opponent's monsters become direct attacks.
If you have 2 "Abyss Actor" cards in your Pendulum Zones: Add 2 "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your Deck to your Extra Deck face-up. You can only activate 1 "Abyss Actors Back Stage" per turn.
If an "Abyss Script" Spell Card or effect was activated this turn: Add face-up "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck to your hand, up to the number of "Abyss Script" Spells in your GY, then you can Special Summon "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters with different names from your hand, up to the number of monsters added to your hand. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Abyss Actors Curtain Call" per turn.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Thunder-Type/LIGHT/Level 5/ATK 1900/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card cannot be destroyed by battle.
Target 1 "Mermail" monster you control; it gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase. When this Set card is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; send that target to the Graveyard.
Special Summon 1 "Mermail" monster from your Deck. Its effects are negated. You cannot activate any Spell Cards. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. Destroy this card during your opponent's next End Phase after activation.
Target 3 "Mermail" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets in face-up Defense Position. Their effects are negated and they cannot declare an attack. Destroy them during the End Phase.
Send 1 face-up "Umi" you control to the Graveyard; send all Spell and Trap Cards on the field to the Graveyard.
Activate only as Chain Link 4 or higher. Draw 2 cards. You cannot activate this card if multiple cards/effects with the same name are in that Chain.
Target 1 face-down Defense Position monster on the field; flip it face-up, then destroy it if its DEF is 2000 or less, or return it face-down if its DEF is more than 2000.
When your opponent Summons a monster(s): Halve that monster(s)'s original ATK.
Gain 3000 Life Points. If this face-up card is removed from the field, take 3000 damage.
Until the End Phase, face-up Level 3 or lower WATER monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast Token" (Machine-Type/WIND/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). During each player's End Phase, Tribute 1 Token or "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster, or send this card to the Graveyard.
The original ATK of all face-up monsters you control becomes 0, until the End Phase. Each time a monster that had its original ATK reduced to 0 by this effect is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, draw 1 card.
When a Reptile-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to the Graveyard: Take control of the opponent's monster, and if you do, it becomes Reptile-Type.
All monsters that are Special Summoned are changed to face-up Attack Position and must attack, if able, during the turn they are Special Summoned.
Select 1 monster on your side of the field and send it to the Graveyard. Increase your Life Points by an amount equal to the original ATK of the monster.
Target 1 "Altergeist" monster you control; equip this card to it. Your opponent cannot target it for attacks, but it does not prevent your opponent from attacking you directly. Negate an opponent's monster effect that activates by targeting the equipped monster. If an "Altergeist" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Spellcaster/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1400/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap.) If Summoned this way, while it is in the Monster Zone, other "Altergeist" Traps you control cannot be destroyed by card effects, also neither player can target them with card effects.
If another card(s) you control is destroyed by an opponent's effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Altergeist" monster from your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Altergeist" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Altergeist Failover" once per turn.
This card can be activated the turn it was Set by the effect of an "Altergeist" card. You can only use each of the following effects of "Altergeist Haunted Rock" once per turn.  ● When this card is activated: Send 1 "Altergeist" monster from your hand to the GY.  ● When your opponent activates a Trap Card: You can send 1 "Altergeist" monster from your hand to the GY; negate that effect, and if you do, destroy that card.
Target 1 "Altergeist" monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Attack Position, and if you do, equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Altergeist" Trap in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Manifestation" once per turn.
The activation and effects of "Altergeist" cards activated on your field cannot be negated. When your opponent activates a monster effect: You can send 1 other face-up "Altergeist" card you control to the GY; Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Altergeist Protocol" once per turn.
Activate only when your opponent declares an attack while you control an "Amazoness" monster. All monsters your opponent controls are changed to face-up Attack Position (Flip Effects are not activated), and lose 500 ATK as long as they remain face-up on the field. Your opponent must attack with all of their monsters.
Once per turn, during the Battle Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Amazoness" monster from your hand, and if you do, it gains 500 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). After damage calculation, if your "Amazoness" monster battled an opponent's monster while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can banish that opponent's monster. If this card on the field is destroyed and sent to the GY: You can target 1 "Amazoness" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
Destroy all face-up "Amazoness" monsters you control. Then, you can Special Summon any number of Level 4 or lower "Amazoness" monsters from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position, up to the number of monsters destroyed by this effect.
Select 1 "Amazoness" monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in Attack Position. It cannot change its battle position and must attack if able. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Activate only when a face-up "Venom" monster you control is declared as an attack target. Negate the attack and end the Battle Phase. Then place 1 Venom Counter on the monster that attacked.
All monsters on the field, except "Amorphage" monsters, lose 100 ATK and DEF for each "Amorphage" card on the field. If a card(s) in your Pendulum Zone is destroyed (except during the Damage Step): You can place 1 "Amorphage" Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use this effect of "Amorphage Lysis" once per turn.
Your opponent conducts their next Battle Phase twice.
Once per turn, if you control no monsters: You can target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, it gains 200 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). You can only control 1 "Ancient Gear Reborn".
Neither player can Special Summon monsters with the same Level as those they control. Neither player can Special Summon monsters with the same Rank as those they control.
When your opponent activates "Raigeki", all of your opponent's monsters are destroyed in place of your own.
Destroy 1 face-up Fusion Monster on the field.
Activate only when your opponent activates a Quick-Play Spell Card. Select 1 card on the field and destroy it.
Remove 2 Spell Counters on your side of the field to negate the activation of a Spell Card and destroy it.
Both players must Set Spell Cards before activating them, and cannot activate them until their next turn after Setting them.
If a face-up "HERO" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Vision HERO" monster from your Deck, then you can halve the original ATK/DEF of 1 monster your opponent controls. You can only activate 1 "Apparition" per turn.
Target cards in your opponent's GY, up to the number of "Valkyrie" monsters you control; banish them. If this Set card in its owner's control has left the field because of an opponent's effect, and is now in the GY or banished: You can draw cards equal to the number of "Valkyrie" monsters you control +1.
Pay 2000 Life Points and reveal all cards in your hand. Look at your opponent's hand and select 1 card. Remove that card from play until the End Phase of your opponent's next turn.
Activate only when your opponent draws a card(s), except during their Draw Phase. Draw 2 cards.
If there are monsters with the same name on the field, increase the ATK and DEF of all those monsters with the same name by 500 points.
If you have an "Aquaactress" monster in your Graveyard: Target 1 monster on the field; until the end of this turn, its effects are negated, its ATK and DEF become 100, also it is unaffected by your opponent's card effects.
Target 1 WATER monster you control and 2 WATER monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle the first target into the Deck, and if you do, add the second targets to your hand.
Special Summon 1 "Gishki" Ritual Monster from your hand. It cannot attack, and is returned to the hand during the End Phase.
Reveal 1 Ritual Spell Card in your hand to target 2 "Gishki" monsters in your Graveyard; return them to the hand.
Select 1 "Arcana Force" monster you control. Remove from play 1 "Arcana Force" monster from either player's Graveyard. Until the End Phase, the selected monster's effect becomes the removed monster's effect for the same coin toss result.
Pay 500 Life Points, then target 1 "Archfiend" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. It cannot be Tributed. Destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.
Banish 1 card from your hand; neither player can activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this Duel.
Negate the activation of an Equip Spell Card and destroy it.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack, if you control a "Ninja" monster: You can flip this card face-up; negate that attack and end the Battle Phase. While this card is face-up on the field and you control a "Ninja" monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot change their battle positions.
When a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field, if you control a face-up "Ninja" monster: Halve the ATK of that Special Summoned monster(s).
You can only activate this card when a monster is equipped with an Equip Card. Negate the effects of all Equip Cards on the field during the turn this card is activated.
Add 1 Equip Spell from your Deck to your hand, then you can equip it to a monster you control that can be equipped with it. You can only activate 1 "Armory Call" per turn.
Your opponent selects 1 Equip Spell Card from his/her Deck and sends it to the Graveyard.
Special Summon 1 "Artifact" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Artifact Sanctum" per turn. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card. If this card in its owner's possession is destroyed by an opponent's card: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
When your opponent gains Life Points: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Activate only while you control an "/Assault Mode" monster. Negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect and destroy it.
Tribute 1 Synchro Monster. Special Summon 1 "/Assault Mode" monster whose name includes the Tributed monster's name from your Deck in Attack Position.
Select 1 monster on your side of the field to activate this card. Destroy the selected card and send 2 cards from the top of your opponent's Deck to the Graveyard.
Tribute 1 "/Assault Mode" monster; Special Summon 1 "/Assault Mode" monster with a different name from your Deck in Defense Position, ignoring its Summoning conditions. You can banish this card from your GY, then target any number of "Assault Mode Activate" and/or cards with different names that specifically list the card "Assault Mode Activate" in their text in your GY, except "Assault Reboot"; shuffle them into the Deck. You can only use each effect of "Assault Reboot" once per turn.
Activate only while you control an "/Assault Mode" monster. Destroy all face-up monsters on the field.
After activation, treat this card as an Equip Card, and equip it to a monster you control. Once per turn, during the equipped monster's attack, you can send 1 monster with 1000 or less ATK from your hand to the Graveyard during the Damage Step to have the equipped monster gain the ATK of the sent monster, until the End Phase.
If your opponent's monster attacks a monster you control: You can make the attack a direct attack instead.
Activate while the only monster you control is 1 face-up "X-Saber" monster. Equip this card to that monster. It gains 800 ATK. If it destroys your opponent's monster by battle, draw 1 card.
You can only activate this card when you take damage to your Life Points. Inflict 700 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points. Also, inflict 300 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points for each "Attack and Receive" card in your Graveyard.
If a Level 3 or lower Normal Monster you control battles, during the Damage Step you can pay Life Points in multiples of 100. The ATK of the opponent's monster is reduced by the amount of Life Points you paid, until the End Phase. (You cannot pay more Life Points than the ATK of the opponent's monster.)
Tribute 1 "Cyber Dragon". Special Summon 1 "Cyber Barrier Dragon" from your hand or Deck.
Target 1 face-up Level 5 or lower monster your opponent controls; destroy all face-up monsters on the field with a different Level than it.
When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s) with 1000 or more ATK, reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand to activate this card. Destroy that Summoned monster(s).
Target 5 "Noble Knight" monsters in your Graveyard, including at least 1 "Artorigus" monster and at least 1 "Laundsallyn" monster; banish those targets, and if you do, destroy all cards on the field.
All "Nephthys" monsters you control gain 300 ATK. If this face-up card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Nephthys" monster from your hand, Deck, or GY, but destroy it during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Awakening of Nephthys" once per turn.
Target 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon it in Defense Position.
When a FIRE monster(s) you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Pay Life Points so that you only have 100 left. Special Summon as many "Six Samurai" monsters from your Graveyard as possible. You cannot Special Summon more than 1 monster with the same name, or a monster that has the same name as a monster on the field.
While there are 5 or more monsters in your Graveyard: Target up to 3 non-Effect Monsters with 1500 or less ATK in your Graveyard; add them to your hand.
When your opponent's card or effect is activated: Target 1 card on the field (other than that card); destroy it.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take damage equal to half its ATK, then inflict damage to your opponent, equal to the damage you took. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your Graveyard: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. You can only activate 1 "Bad Luck Blast" per turn.
As long as this card remains face-up on the field, any effect of increasing your opponent's Life Points is changed to inflict the same amount of points in damage to your opponent's Life Points.
If your opponent controls more cards than the combined number of cards in your hand and that you control: Draw cards equal to their surplus. You can only activate 1 "Balance of Judgment" per turn.
Tribute 1 monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.
Tribute 1 Plant-Type monster. Special Summon 2 "Plant Tokens" (Plant-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 800/DEF 500) to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position.
If a Fiend-Type monster you control battles, during the Damage Step: Pay LP (in multiples of 100 points), then target the opponent's battling monster; that opponent's monster loses that much ATK and DEF, until the end of this turn.
Once per turn, you can detach any number of materials from Machine Xyz Monsters you control, then target that many cards on the field; destroy them. If a Machine Xyz Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in your GY: You can banish this card and 1 Machine Xyz Monster from your GY; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the banished monster's Rank x 200.
Activate only when a card's effect that would inflict damage to you is activated. Your opponent takes the damage instead.
Activate by Tributing 1 Synchro Monster when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Change all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position. Then, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the attacking monster's DEF.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Your opponent can reveal 1 monster in their hand to negate this card's effect, otherwise destroy the attacking monster, then end the Battle Phase.
Activate only when your opponent declares a direct attack and you control no monsters. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Beast-Type monster from your hand in face-up Attack Position.
Activate only during your opponent's Standby Phase. All face-up monsters your opponent controls are changed to Attack Position, and cannot change their battle positions this turn. All monsters your opponent currently controls must attack this turn, if able.
Activate only while all monsters on the field are face-up. Both players send monsters they control to the Graveyard so that they each control only 1 Attribute.
Activate if you control only 1 face-up Psychic-Type monster, and select that monster. It can attack your opponent directly this turn. At the end of the Battle Phase, give control of that monster to your opponent.
Select 1 Archfiend monster on your side of the field to activate this card. Your opponent also pays the same Life Points that you pay for the selected monster during the Standby Phase. If this card is removed from the field, destroy the selected monster. When the selected monster is removed from the field, destroy this card.
When a Warrior-Type monster you control is targeted for an attack, or by an opponent's monster effect: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the face-up monster you targeted with this card, and if you do, return it to the hand.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Warrior-Type monster you control. It gains 1000 ATK. Monsters destroyed by battle with it are returned to the hand instead of going to the Graveyard. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
When your "Battlewasp" monster is targeted for an attack: You can Special Summon 1 "Battlewasp" monster from your hand or Deck, and if you do, place 1 counter on this card, then end the Battle Phase. You can only use this effect of "Battlewasp - Nest" once per turn. During the End Phase, send this card with 2 or more counters to the GY.
Once per turn, you can remove from play 1 face-up Beast-Type or Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control to select 1 other face-up Beast-Type or Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control. The selected monster gains the original ATK of the monster removed from play for this effect.
Target 1 Beast-Type monster you control; return it to the hand, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Beast-Type monster from your hand with the same Level as the monster that was returned to the hand.
Discard your entire hand, then for each card you discarded to the Graveyard by this effect, add 1 LIGHT monster from your Graveyard to your hand.
Reveal 3 Warrior-Type monsters from your Deck, including at least 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster or "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster, and have your opponent randomly pick 1. If they picked a "Black Luster Soldier" monster or "Gaia The Fierce Knight" monster, add it to your hand and send the rest to the Graveyard. Otherwise, send them all to the Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Beginning of Heaven and Earth" per turn.
If a monster inflicts Battle Damage to a player, return the monster to its owner's hand.
Activate only if all face-up monsters you control are "Fortune Lady" monsters. Negate the activation of a Spell or Trap Card, or the Normal Summon of a monster, and remove that card from play. The card removed from play by this effect is returned to its owner's hand during the End Phase.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase, you can select 2 face-up Beast-Type monsters on the field. Until the end of turn, 1 of the selected monsters loses half its ATK, and the other monster gains an equal amount of ATK.
You can only activate this card when your opponent activates a card that targets a monster in the Graveyard. Remove from play all monsters in both players' Graveyards.
Declare a Level between 1 and 12; each player tosses a coin, and if both are Heads, the Levels of all face-up monsters you currently control become the declared Level. If both are tails, you lose Life Points equal to the declared Level x 500.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Attack Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
During your opponent's Battle Phase, if you control 2 or more face-down Defense Position monsters: End the Battle Phase. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 face-up monsters on the field, including at least 1 "Prediction Princess" monster; change them to face-down Defense Position.
Activate only when you take damage from a card effect. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" monster from your hand.
When your opponent would Special Summon exactly 1 monster: Negate the Special Summon, and if you do, destroy it.
Until the end of this turn, all DARK Spellcaster-Type monsters with 2000 or more ATK you currently control cannot be destroyed by battle, their effects are negated, also they are unaffected by your opponent's card effects.
When exactly 1 "Blackwing" monster (and no other monster) is Special Summoned: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; gain LP equal to the ATK of that target, and if you do, return it to the hand.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack on a "Blackwing" monster you control: Banish all face-up Attack Position monsters your opponent controls. If you control exactly 3 "Blackwing" monsters (and no other monsters), you can activate this card from your hand.
Activate only when a "Blackwing" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard. Inflict 400 damage to your opponent for each card your opponent controls.
When a Winged Beast-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 2 "Blackwing - Black Crest Tokens" (Winged Beast-Type/DARK/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 800).
During your turn: Target 1 "Blackwing" monster with 2000 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. You cannot Normal Summon/Set during the turn you activate this card.
When a monster your opponent controls activates its effect: Send 1 face-up "Blackwing" monster you control to the GY; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Special Summon 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" from your Extra Deck. If you control a "Blackwing" Synchro Monster or "Black-Winged Dragon", you can activate this card from your hand.
Banish 2 face-up "Blackwing" Tuner monsters you control; draw 2 cards.
When an opponent declares a direct attack while you have 5 or more "Blackwing" monsters in your Graveyard: Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
Tribute 1 "Blackwing" monster to select 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control. That Synchro Monster gains ATK equal to the Tributed monster's ATK, until the End Phase.
When this Set card is destroyed by your opponent's card effect while you control a face-up "Blackwing" monster, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent and draw 1 card.
When an opponent's monster that was Tribute Summoned declares an attack: Destroy as many face-up Attack Position monsters they control as possible, and if you do, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK. If this card is destroyed by a card effect while equipped: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
Activate only when all (4) zones of this card's column are occupied. Destroy all cards in this column.
You can only activate this card if there are 30 or more cards in your Graveyard. Inflict 3000 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
This card's name becomes "Tri-Blaze Accelerator" while in the Spell & Trap Zone. During either player's Main Phase: You can send 1 "Volcanic" card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Blaze Accelerator Reload" once per turn. During either player's Main Phase: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; send 1 "Volcanic" card from your Deck to the Graveyard.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy as many Attack Position monsters your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, take damage equal to half the combined original ATK of those destroyed monsters, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the damage you took.
You can activate 1 of these effects.  ● Send 1 Plant monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY; gain 500 LP.  ● Target 1 Plant monster in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, then gain 500 LP.  ● Pay 1000 LP; Special Summon 1 "Aroma" monster from your GY.  You can only use this effect of "Blessed Winds" once per turn.
Target 2 "Gusto" monsters in your Graveyard, plus a third "Gusto" monster in your Graveyard; shuffle both of the first 2 targets into your Deck, then Special Summon the third target.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Roll a six-sided die. If the result is 1-5, destroy all monsters on the field with the same Level as the number rolled. If it is 6, destroy all Level 6 and higher monsters on the field.
Roll a six-sided die twice and destroy all face-up monsters with Levels/Ranks lower than the total roll.
Special Summon "Rose Tokens" (Plant/DARK/Level 2/ATK 800/DEF 800) in Defense Position to either field, up to the combined number of cards in the Field Zones and Field Spells in the GYs. If this card is in your GY: You can target 1 "Black Rose Dragon", or 1 Plant monster, in your Monster Zone; banish it, and if you do, place this card on the bottom of the Deck. During the next Standby Phase, return that banished monster to the field. You can only use this effect of "Blooming of the Darkest Rose" once per turn.
When a Plant-Type monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK in the Graveyard.
Shuffle 1 "Duoterion", 1 "Hydrogeddon", and 1 "Oxygeddon" from your hand and/or GY into the Deck; Special Summon 1 "Water Dragon Cluster" from your hand or GY. You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Water Dragon" or "Water Dragon Cluster" from your Deck or GY to your hand.
Discard 1 card. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your opponent's Graveyard to your side of the field, and your opponent Special Summons 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field. Those monsters are destroyed during the End Phase of the next turn.
Discard 1 card; Set 1 Continuous Trap Card from your hand or Graveyard to your field. That Set card can be activated during this turn.
Activate this card by choosing 1 unused Monster Zone. If an Effect Monster is Special Summoned to that zone: Return both the monster in that zone and this card to the hand.
When any player's monster declares an attack and all monsters you control are face-up Machine monsters (min.1 ): Destroy Attack Position monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of Machine monsters you control.
Banish all LIGHT Machine monsters from your GY and face-up from your field; Special Summon 1 Level 6 or higher LIGHT Machine monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and if you do, its ATK/DEF become equal to the number of monsters banished to activate this card x 500, also it is unaffected by card effects, except its own and this card's. You cannot Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card.
Tribute 1 "Rokket" monster, then target 1 "Borrel" Link Monster you control; equip it with this card. If this card is equipped to a monster by this effect, the equipped monster gains this effect.  ●Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn.
At the end of your opponent's turn, destroy the face-up monster(s) with the highest ATK on the field. During your own Standby Phase, if you have 4 or less cards in your hand, this card is destroyed.
When your opponent Summons a monster(s) with 1500 or more ATK: Destroy that monster(s) with 1500 or more ATK, and if you do, banish it.
Target 1 face-up "Bounzer" monster you control; this turn, it cannot be targeted by other card effects, or be destroyed by battle. This turn, if an opponent's monster attacks, it must target that monster for an attack if it is still on the field.
Select 1 of your removed from play Psychic-Type monsters, and Special Summon it. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Select 1 monster with at least 1 A-Counter on your opponent's side of the field, and take control of that monster. During each of your End Phases, remove 1 A-Counter from that controlled monster. If all A-Counters are removed from that monster, or that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
During your opponent's Battle Phase: Send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard; end the Battle Phase, also all face-up monsters currently on the field have their effects negated until the end of this turn.
When a Link Monster is Link Summoned: Destroy all monsters on the field that are not linked.
Target 1 face-up Effect Monster your opponent controls; that face-up monster your opponent controls has its effects negated until the end of this turn. During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Effect Monster your opponent controls; that target has its effects negated until the end of this turn.
Select 1 "Six Samurai" monster you control. If the selected monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle, "Great Shogun Shien" and all "Six Samurai" monsters you control can attack your opponent directly during the Battle Phase of this turn.
Target 2 of your banished Psychic-Type monsters; return both those targets to the Graveyard and draw 1 card.
If a face-up "Gem-Knight" monster(s) you control is destroyed by your opponent's attack or card effect: Target 1 of those destroyed monsters; inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can send 1 "Gem-Knight" card from your hand to the Graveyard; add this card to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Brilliant Spark" per turn.
Activate only when a Defense Position monster you control, whose DEF is higher than its ATK, is destroyed by battle. Special Summon up to 2 monsters with the same name as that monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated in this card's column, while this card is Set: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
If a player controls 2 or more monsters of the same card type (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link), they must send some to the GY so they control no more than 1 monster of that card type. Then, each player that sent a monster to the GY for this effect draws cards equal to the number of different card types (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Link) they control. You can only activate 1 "Brutal Beast Battle" per turn.
This card becomes an Equip Card, and equips to 1 monster you control. Once per turn, when you inflict damage to your opponent with a card effect, the equipped monster gains 1000 ATK until the End Phase.
Level 4 or higher monsters cannot attack directly. During your turn: You can send this face-up card from the field to the Graveyard to target 2 Level 3 or lower WATER monsters with the same name in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets. Their effects are negated.
This card can only be activated when any player has 6 or more cards on the field and/or in their hand. The player(s) then select and send cards to their respective Graveyards until the amount remaining on the field and in their hand is 5.
Target 2 Level 3 Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them, but their effects are negated. You can banish this card and 1 Xyz Monster from your Graveyard; the Levels of all Level 3 Insect-Type monsters you currently control become equal to the banished monster's Rank until the end of this turn, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except Insect-Type monsters. You can only activate 1 "Bug Emergency" per turn.
Target 1 Rank 4 Xyz Monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it. Once per turn, while this card is equipped to a monster by this effect: You can attach 1 "Bujin" monster from your hand to the equipped monster as an Xyz Material.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Target 1 "Bujin" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.  ● Target 1 of your banished "Bujin" monsters; send that target to the Graveyard.
Target 1 "Bujin" Xyz Monster you control; banish it, and if you do, return all monsters on the field to the hand. Until your 2nd End Phase after activation, neither player can Summon monsters nor take damage (but can Normal Set). During your 2nd End Phase after activation: Target 1 "Bujin" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon the monster banished by this effect, and if you do, attach that target to it as an Xyz Material.
Tribute 1 Beast-Warrior-Type "Bujin" monster, then target 1 "Bujin" monster with a different name in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
When a Trap Card is activated: Send 1 "Laval" monster from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation and destroy it. If this card is in the Graveyard: You can banish 2 FIRE monsters from your Graveyard; add this card to your hand.
Banish 1 face-up "Chemicritter" monster you control; Special Summon 2 "Chemicritter" monsters from your Deck, with different names from each other. When your opponent declares a direct attack, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of your banished Gemini monsters; Special Summon it, and if you do, it becomes an Effect Monster and gains its effects. You can only activate 1 "Burnout" per turn.
Tribute 1 Dragon-Type monster; destroy all face-up monsters on the field whose DEF is less than or equal to the ATK the Tributed monster had on the field.
Pay 2000 Life Points, then target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-down Defense Position.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; change that target to Defense Position, and if you do, equip this card to that monster. Once per turn, during either player's Main Phase or Battle Phase: You can change the equipped monster's Battle Position.
Target 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; change it to face-up Defense Position, also any damage you take for the rest of this turn is halved.
When a monster effect is activated that activates when a monster is Normal Summoned: You can negate the activation, then the player whose effect activation was negated draws 1 card.
During damage calculation, if your monster is attacked: That monster you control cannot be destroyed by that battle, also any battle damage you take from that battle inflicts double effect damage to your opponent. You can only apply this effect of "Bye Bye Damage" once per turn.
Activate only if a monster on your side of the field is destroyed by battle. Special Summon 1 "Cyber Ogre" from your hand.
All monsters restored with "Monster Reborn" are sent to the Graveyard. "Monster Reborn" also cannot be played as long as this card remains on the field.
You can target 1 Level 5 or higher Fiend monster in your GY; discard 1 Fiend monster, and if you do, Special Summon the targeted monster. You can only use this effect of "Call of the Archfiend" once per turn.
Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. You select the target of the attack.
When your opponent activates "Monster Reborn": Negate its effect.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon that target in Attack Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that target. When that target is destroyed, destroy this card.
Activate only when a monster(s) is Special Summoned from your Graveyard. Select and Special Summon 1 "Supay" or 1 "Fire Ant Ascator" from your Graveyard.
Draw 2 cards, if the combined ATK of all your face-up Attack Position monsters (minimum 2) is less than the ATK of your opponent's face-up monster with the lowest ATK. You cannot Summon or change Battle Position the turn you activate this card.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, by paying their Life Points: Negate the activation, and if you do, return it to the Deck.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 Dragon-Type monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 monster you control; it gains 700 ATK until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 of your banished Dragon-Type monsters; Special Summon that target. You can only control 1 "Castle of Dragon Souls".
Increase the DEF of 1 face-up monster on the field by 500 points until the end of this turn.
If your opponent adds a card(s) from the Deck to their hand by their card effect, except by drawing them: Reveal 1 card from your Deck, and add it to your hand, but you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with that name for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Catch Copy" per turn.
If a face-down Defense Position monster or an Effect Monster is on the field: Change all face-down Defense Position monsters on the field to face-up Defense Position (Flip monsters' effects are not activated at this time), also inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Effect Monster on the field.
Activate only when an opponent's monster with an A-Counter declares an attack. Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.
Inflict 100 damage to your opponent for each card in their Graveyard.
Each time a player activates a Trap Card, they take 1000 damage immediately after it resolves.
When a monster(s) with 2000 or less ATK is Summoned: Target 1 of them; destroy all cards with that name in its controller's hand and Main Deck.
Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. If this card was activated as Chain Link 2 or 3, add this card to the Deck and shuffle it. If this card was activated as Chain Link 4 or higher, return this card to the hand.
When a monster(s) with 1000 or less ATK is Summoned: Banish that monster(s) with 1000 or less ATK, then your opponent banishes all cards with the same name as that card(s) from their hand and Deck.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Destroy all cards in the controller's Deck with the same name as the activated card.
Gain 500 Life Points. If this card was activated as Chain Link 2 or 3, add this card to the Deck and shuffle it. If this card was activated as Chain Link 4 or higher, return this card to the hand.
When your opponent activates a monster effect in Chain to the activation of a card or effect: Negate that effect, then your opponent can banish 1 card from their hand or Deck with the same original name as that card. Then, if they did not banish a card, you can banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand.
Once per turn, if a monster(s) your opponent controls is destroyed by your opponent's card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
Any time you Fusion Summon a monster this turn, you can remove from play, from your side of the field, Deck, hand or Graveyard, Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on the Fusion Monster Card, and use them as Fusion Material Monsters. You cannot attack during the turn this card is activated. If you used this effect for a Fusion Summon, the Summoned Fusion Monster is destroyed during the End Phase.
Activate only when a card on the field is destroyed by a card effect. Select 2 Spell/Trap Cards on the field and destroy them.
If you control a Level 7 or higher Normal Monster, when a monster would be Summoned OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When an "Elemental HERO" Fusion Monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original Level x 300.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, change it to Defense Position and it cannot change its battle position while it is face-up on the field. Then, your opponent chooses 1 of these effects. ● You (the opponent of this card's activator) gain LP equal to half the target's ATK. ● Your opponent (the activator of this card) takes damage equal to half the target's ATK.
When your opponent's monster declares an attack: Tribute 1 monster, then target the attacking monster; destroy that target, then inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
Change as many Defense Position monsters on the field as possible to face-up Attack Position, then Special Summon 1 "Meklord" monster from your Deck or Graveyard, but its effects are negated, also it is destroyed during the End Phase.
When a LIGHT or DARK monster(s) would be Summoned: Pay 2000 LP; negate the Summon of the LIGHT and DARK monster(s), and if you do, banish it.
Activate only during the Battle Phase, when the effect of an opponent's Effect Monster is activated. Negate the activation and destroy that card.
This card gains these effects depending on the number of face-up "Zefra" monsters with different names in your Extra Deck. ● 3 or more: Monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each face-up monster in any Extra Deck. ● 5 or more: Monsters you control cannot be destroyed by an opponent's card effects. ● 8 or more: Monsters you control cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects. ● 10: You can send this card to the Graveyard; shuffle all cards from your opponent's hand, field, and Graveyard into the Deck.
When a face-up monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard: Destroy the 1 face-up monster on the field that has the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied), and if you do, inflict damage to both players equal to half of that monster's ATK.
You can only activate this card when your opponent Fusion Summons a Fusion Monster. Tribute 1 monster on your side of the field to take control of that Fusion Monster.
Target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" or "Cipher" Xyz Monster you control; attach this card to it as an Xyz Material, and if you do, the next time it would be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn, it is not destroyed.
If a "Cipher" Xyz Monster(s) you control that has Xyz Material is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck with the same name as that Xyz monster.
When an "Elemental HERO Clayman" you control is targeted for an attack (even if it is face-down, but reveal it to your opponent in that case): Destroy the attacking monster and that "Elemental HERO Clayman", and inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
Declare 1 Monster Card name. If your opponent Normal Summons, Special Summons, or flips that monster(s) face-up, remove that monster(s) and this card from play.
When your opponent Normal or Flip Summons a monster that has a Level: Target that face-up monster; Special Summon 1 "Clone Token", with the same original Type, Attribute, Level, ATK, and DEF as that target. When that target is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, destroy this Token.
Activate by Tributing 1 face-up "Chrysalis" monster. This turn, any damage to a player caused by an effect becomes 0. Special Summon 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster written on the "Chrysalis" monster you Tributed, from your hand, Deck or from either player's Graveyard.
Each time a monster(s) is sent to your opponent's Graveyard: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; equip it with all Equip Cards on the field. If any of those Equip Cards is now equipped to an incorrect target, destroy that Equip Card.
If you control a "Performapal" monster: Change all face-up Attack Position monsters your opponent controls to Defense Position. Monsters changed to Defense Position by this effect cannot change their battle positions until the end of the next turn.
When your opponent draws for their normal draw in their Draw Phase: They reveal the card(s) they drew, then if any is a Spell/Trap Card, you apply 1 of these effects. ● Discard all cards they drew. ● Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card they control.
Draw 2 cards, then remove from play 1 Normal Monster Card from your hand. If you don't have any Normal Monster Cards in your hand to remove, send all cards in your hand to the Graveyard.
Each player chooses 1 monster they control, then shuffles it into the Deck.
Target 1 monster on the field; return that target to the hand.
Activate only when your opponent declares a second direct attack during the same Battle Phase. Conduct battle between the attacking monster and the first monster that attacked directly (other effects cannot be activated during this battle).
Excavate the top card of your opponent's Deck, and if it is a monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set, Special Summon it to your side of the field. Otherwise, add that card to your opponent's hand.
If a monster(s) is sent from the hand to the GY: Target 1 of them; Special Summon it to your field. You can only activate 1 "Consolation Prize" per turn.
During the turn this card is activated, if an opponent's monster battles a "Constellar" monster, and the opponent's monster is not destroyed, shuffle it into the Deck at the end of the Damage Step.
Destroy as many "Dark Contract" cards in your Spell & Trap Zone as possible, and if you do, draw the same number of cards you destroyed, then gain 1000 LP for each card you drew with this effect.
If you have 5 or more Dragon-Type Synchro Monsters with different names in your Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Stardust Dragon" from your Extra Deck (this is treated as a Synchro Summon), but banish it during the End Phase. Equip it with this card. While equipped, it gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of all Dragon-Type Synchro Monsters in your Graveyard. Also while equipped, when it destroys an opponent's monster by battle: You can banish 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster from your Graveyard; it can attack an opponent's monster again in a row.
When a Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster is Normal Summoned to your side of the field: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster with the same name and Level as the Normal Summoned monster (Warrior-Type/LIGHT/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.)
You can only activate this card's effect while you control a face-up "Koa'ki Meiru" monster. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase, if your opponent controls more monsters than you do, you can destroy a number of cards your opponent controls so that your opponent will control the same number of cards as you control monsters.
Select and Special Summon 1 "Koa'ki Meiru" monster from your Graveyard in Attack Position. When that monster is destroyed during your End Phase, the controller of this card takes damage equal to that monster's ATK. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Target 1 Insect monster you control; equip this card to it. While you control the equipped monster, your opponent's monsters cannot attack Insect monsters, except the equipped monster. While this card is equipped to a monster, each time your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s), OR activates a card or effect, place 1 Scale Counter on each face-up monster they control. Each monster your opponent controls loses 100 ATK/DEF for each Scale Counter it has.
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon 3 "Umbral Horror Mirage Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK ?/DEF 0). (When Summoned, each Token's ATK becomes equal to that Xyz Monster's current ATK. They cannot attack your opponent directly or be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon.) When that face-up Xyz Monster leaves the field, destroy these Tokens.
Negate the activation of a Counter Trap Card, and destroy it.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: Negate the attack, and if you do, draw 1 card, then if it is a monster, immediately after this effect resolves, you can Normal Summon it in face-up Attack Position.
Send all cards in your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard. Place as many "Crystal Beast" monsters as possible from your Graveyard in your Spell & Trap Card Zone, face-up, as Continuous Spell Cards. During the End Phase, destroy all face-up "Crystal Beast" cards you control.
When a monster's attack is negated that targeted a face-up Attack Position monster: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference in ATK between the 2 monsters.
During the Damage Step, while an opponent's monster is attacking a monster you control: Target 1 other face-up monster you control; your attacked monster gains ATK equal to that target's ATK during the Damage Step only.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; take control of it, but while you control that monster, it cannot attack or activate its effects. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Declare 1 Attribute and select a total of 2 monsters with that Attribute from either Graveyard. Remove those monsters from play.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card that would inflict damage to you, while you control a "Red Dragon Archfiend": Your opponent takes twice the effect damage you would have taken, instead.
Send any number of monsters from your side of the field to the Graveyard to activate this card. Select from your Deck 1 "Alien" monster whose Level is equal to the total Levels of the sent monsters, and Special Summon it. If you fail to find a monster to Special Summon, you take 2000 damage.
If the DEF of an attacked Defense Position monster is higher than the ATK of your opponent's attacking monster, the Battle Damage inflicted to your opponent is doubled. Destroy the attacking monster after damage calculation.
Target 1 "Ancient Gear" monster you control; banish it. During the next Standby Phase, return that banished monster to the field, and if you do, its ATK becomes double its original ATK until the end of that turn. If 1 or more "Ancient Gear Golem" or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Insect/EARTH/Level 2/ATK 300/DEF 2100). (This card is also still a Trap.) If this card is Special Summoned by this effect to a zone a Link Monster points to: You can add 1 "World Legacy" card from your Deck to your hand.
When this card is activated: You can Tribute 1 "Crusadia" or "World Legacy" monster; Special Summon 1 "Crusadia" or "World Legacy" monster with a different original name from your Deck or GY. If you control a "Crusadia" Link Monster, your opponent's monsters cannot target monsters for attacks, except Link Monsters. You can only activate 1 "Crusadia Vanguard" per turn.
Tribute 1 DARK monster with 1000 or less ATK; your opponent takes no damage until the end of the next turn after this card resolves, also, you look at your opponent's hand and all monsters they control, and if you do, destroy the monsters among them with 1500 or more ATK, then your opponent can destroy up to 3 monsters with 1500 or more ATK in their Deck.
If a face-up EARTH Machine monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can banish this card from your GY; Set 1 "Outrigger Extension" or "Spin Turn" directly from your Deck or GY. You can only use each effect of "Crusher Run" once per turn.
You can remove from play 1 monster from your Graveyard to Normal Summon or Set 1 Normal Monster from your hand. You can only activate this effect during your Main Phase.
Once per turn, if a face-up "Crystal Beast" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck. You can send this face-up card from the field to the GY, then target 1 "Crystal Beast" card you control and 1 card on the field; return them to the hand. You cannot activate these effects in the same Chain.
When a "Crystal Beast" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Place 1 "Crystal Beast" monster from your Deck face-up in your Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card, then you take no Battle Damage for the rest of this turn.
Send 1 "Crystal Beast" card from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard to target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Special Summon 2 "Crystron" Tuners (1 from your hand and 1 from your Graveyard). During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Crystron" monster you control; send 1 "Crystron" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard whose Level is different from that monster, and if you do, that monster becomes the Level of that monster sent to the Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Crystron Entry" once per turn.
Target 1 of your banished "Crystron" monsters; Special Summon it, and if you do, if your opponent controls any face-up monsters, change their DEF to 0. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard, when a card or effect is activated that targets a "Crystron" monster you control: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate that effect.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Special Summon 1 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" from your Deck, and if you do, change the attack target to it and perform damage calculation. If your opponent's LP is at least 2000 higher than yours: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Vijam the Cubic Seed" from your hand, Deck, or GY, then, if only your opponent controlled a monster when you activated this effect, you can also Special Summon up to 2 additional "Vijam the Cubic Seed". You can only use this effect of "Cubic Ascension" once per turn.
If you control a "Cubic" monster: Activate this card by targeting any number of monsters that are in your opponent's Graveyard because they were destroyed and sent there this turn; Special Summon them to your opponent's field, but each becomes ATK 0 and has 1 Cubic Counter placed on it. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.) While your opponent controls any of the monsters Summoned by this effect, negate any monster effects your opponent activates. When the last of these monsters leaves the field, destroy this card.
Place Cubic Counters on a face-up monster(s) your opponent controls, up to the number of "Cubic" monsters you control. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.) You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Cubic" monster you control; this turn, each time it destroys a monster with a Cubic Counter by battle, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original ATK. You can only use each effect of "Cubic Omen" once per turn.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: Target the attacking monster; your opponent Special Summons, in Attack Position, as many monsters as possible from their hand, Deck, and/or Graveyard with the same name as that monster, also, the ATK of the targeted monster and those Special Summoned monster(s) become 0 and place 1 Cubic Counter on each. (Monsters with a Cubic Counter cannot attack, also negate their effects.) Also, after that, if any Cubic Counters were placed by this effect, Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Cubic" monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
Discard 1 card from your hand. Decrease the ATK and DEF of all monsters on your opponent's side of the field by 500 points until the end of the turn this card is activated.
Change all Effect Monsters on the field to Defense Position. Until the end of this turn, the original DEF of those monsters becomes 0, also their battle positions cannot be changed.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, immediately after it resolves, the player that activated it takes 1000 damage.
Negate the activation and the effect of a Spell or Trap Card that includes the effect of destroying 1 Spell or Trap Card and destroy it.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls; your opponent cannot Tribute it, or use it as a Synchro Material Monster.
When a Spell Card is activated: Discard 1 Spell Card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, and if you do that, your opponent cannot activate Spell Cards with that name for the rest of this Duel.
Destroy this card during your 3rd Standby Phase after activation. Once per turn, if "Cyber Dragon" is on the field: You can banish 1 LIGHT Machine monster from your Deck. When this card is sent from the field to the GY: Special Summon as many of your banished LIGHT Machine monsters as possible, and if you do, destroy all Spells and Traps you control. Monsters that were Special Summoned by this effect cannot activate their effects. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this effect.
During your opponent's Main Phase: Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine/EARTH/Level 4/ATK ?/DEF ?). (This card is also still a Trap.) When an opponent's monster declares an attack that targets this card: The ATK/DEF of this card become the ATK/DEF of the attacking monster. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: Set this card in its Spell & Trap Zone.
Each time a Machine-Type monster(s) is Special Summoned: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can send to the Graveyard 1 "Cyber Dragon" you control, or 1 Fusion Monster you control that lists "Cyber Dragon" as a Fusion Material Monster, then target the attacking monster; destroy that target.
Banish any number of "Cyber Dragon" that have different Levels from each other from your hand, GY, and/or face-up from your field, then destroy the same number of cards your opponent controls. If this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "Cyber" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Cybernetic Overflow" once per turn.
Tribute 1 "Cyber Dragon"; Special Summon 1 Fusion Monster that lists a "Cyber Dragon" monster as material from your Extra Deck, but it cannot attack directly, also destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Cybernetic Revolution" per turn.
If you took damage by battle or an opponent's card effect this turn: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Cyberse Beacon" per turn.
If you Link Summon a Link Monster: Target 1 monster in your GY used for that Link Summon; Special Summon it.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "Code Talker" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card, and if you do that, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects with the same original name as that banished card until the end of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "Cynet Conflict" per turn.
When an opponent's Cyberse monster declares an attack: Destroy all monsters in the Main Monster Zones. During the End Phase of this turn, Special Summon from the GY as many Cyberse Link Monsters as possible, to their owner's fields, that were destroyed by this effect. When an opponent's monster activates its effect: You can banish this card from your GY; Cyberse Link Monsters you currently control are unaffected by other card effects, until the end of this turn.
If you Special Summon a Link Monster(s): Target 1 card on the field; destroy it, then draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Cynet Regression" per turn.
Target a "Destiny HERO" monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK. When it destroys a monster your opponent controls by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
When a "Destiny HERO" monster you control is targeted for an attack: Destroy the attacking monster.
When your opponent declares a direct attack: Banish 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Graveyard; end the Battle Phase.
When an Attack Position "Destiny HERO" monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target it; change it to Defense Position and equip it with this card. The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by battle.
During the Standby Phase: You can have all "HERO" monsters you control gain 400 ATK (even if this card leaves the field). If a Level 8 or higher "Destiny HERO" monster(s) or a "Destiny End Dragoon" is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can banish 1 card from your opponent's hand (random), field, or GY. If this card in the Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect: You can add 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "D - Tactics" once per turn.
When an "Elemental HERO" monster you control leaves the field: Add 1 "Destiny HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand whose Level is less than or equal to that "Elemental HERO" monster's Level.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters you control as Fusion Materials, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. Only "Destiny HERO" monsters can be used as Fusion Materials for a Fusion Summon using this card's effect.
All monsters on your side of the field are treated as Dragon-Type until the End Phase of this turn.
Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each of their removed from play cards.
When your opponent Sets exactly 1 monster (and no other cards): Target that Set monster and 1 monster you control; destroy those targets, and if you do, banish them.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Target any number of "D/D" monsters and/or "Dark Contract" cards in your Graveyard up to the difference; add those cards to your hand. You can only activate 1 "D/D Recruits" per turn.
"Dark Contract" cards you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target up to 3 of your other banished "D/D" cards; shuffle them into the Deck.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Activate 1 of these effects; ● Banish 1 "D/D/D" monster from your Graveyard, and if you do, the attacking monster loses ATK equal to the banished monster's ATK. ● Add 1 Level 4 or lower "D/D" Pendulum Monster from your Deck to your hand.
Shuffle 3 cards into the Deck (any combination of "D/D" monsters in your hand, field, or Graveyard, and/or "D/D" cards in your Pendulum Zone), then you can add 2 "D/D" monsters from your Deck to your hand.
Select 1 face-up Defense Position monster you control. Its DEF becomes double its original DEF.
Choose 1 opponent's unused Main Monster Zones; if your opponent would Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon a monster to their Main Monster Zone, and the chosen zone can be used, they must use that zone. (They cannot Summon multiple monsters to their Main Monster Zones while this effect is applied.) This effect is applies until the zone is occupied or becomes unusable. You can only apply the effect of "Dai Dance" once per Duel.
Once per turn, when you take Battle Damage from a battle involving a Reptile-Type monster, you can Special Summon 1 Reptile-Type monster from your Deck with ATK less than or equal to the Battle Damage you took.
When you take battle damage: Discard 1 card; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck with ATK less than or equal to the battle damage you took, in face-up Attack Position.
Halve all damage you take this turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; halve all effect damage you take this turn. (You cannot halve the same damage twice with this effect.)
When you take battle damage: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard with ATK less than or equal to the amount of damage you took; Special Summon that target.
Activate only when an effect that inflicts damage is activated. Negate its activation and effect, and each player draws 1 card.
Halve all effect damage you take this turn. During the End Phase this turn, Special Summon 1 "Ghost Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0) in Defense Position for each time you took effect damage this turn.
When you take damage by battle or by a card effect: Gain Life Points equal to the damage you took.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack, while the combined ATK of all face-up monsters they control is 8000 or higher: Special Summon 3 monsters with different original names in Attack Position, 1 each from your hand, Deck, and GY. You can only activate 1 "Dances with Beasts" per turn.
Draw 3 cards, then discard 2 cards, including at least one “Danger!” card, or, if you have no “Danger!” cards in your hand, reveal your entire hand and shuffle it into the Deck. You can only activate one “Danger! Zone” per turn.
During either player's Main Phase or Battle Phase: Target 1 monster in your Graveyard with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF; add it to your hand, then immediately after this effect resolves, you can Tribute Summon 1 monster with 2400 or more ATK and 1000 DEF in face-up Attack Position. You can only activate 1 "Dark Advance" per turn.
When an opponent's Spell/Trap Card is activated: Your opponent draws 1 card, also negate the Spell/Trap activation, and if you do, destroy it.
When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, your opponent selects and executes 1 of the following effects: ● Discard 1 random card in their hand. ● Select 1 monster on their side of the field and destroy it.
Once per turn, if you control a "D/D" monster: You can negate all Trap Card effects on the field (other than this card's) for the rest of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.
While you have 2 "D/D" cards in your Pendulum Zones, your opponent cannot target monsters on the field with Spell/Trap effects, also they cannot Tribute monsters on the field for a Tribute Summon or use them as Materials for a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Summon. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.
You can send 1 "D/D" or "Dark Contract" card from your hand to the Graveyard, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Dark Contract with the Witch" once per turn. All Fiend-Type monsters you control gain 1000 ATK during your opponent's turn only. Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Take 1000 damage.
When your opponent Summons a monster(s), they gain Life Points equal to half the ATK of 1 of the Summoned monsters of your choice.
When your opponent activates a Normal Spell Card: Pay 1000 Life Points; the effect of that Normal Spell Card becomes "Your opponent discards 1 random card".
You can send 1 monster from your hand or field to the GY; draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Dark Factory of More Production" once per turn.
When you take battle or effect damage: Special Summon 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck with ATK less than or equal to the damage you took.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets a DARK monster on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Banish all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.
When your opponent Normal or Special Summons a monster(s): Target 1 of those monsters and 1 Spellcaster-Type monster you control; send both monsters to the Graveyard, then you can Special Summon 1 DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck or Graveyard.
When your opponent activates a card or effect that would destroy a card(s) on the field: Negate that effect, then send 1 Level 3 or lower DARK monster from your Deck to the GY.
Your opponent can discard 1 card to negate this card's effect, otherwise both players discard 2 cards, then draw 2 cards.
You can only activate this card when there are "Don Zaloog", "Cliff the Trap Remover", "Dark Scorpion - Chick the Yellow", "Dark Scorpion - Gorg the Strong", and "Dark Scorpion - Meanae the Thorn" face-up on your side of the field. During this turn, any of these 5 cards can attack your opponent's Life Points directly. In that case, the Battle Damage inflicted to your opponent by each of those cards becomes 400 points.
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; discard 1 Fiend-Type monster, and if you do, banish that target.
Tribute 1 DARK monster. Draw 2 cards. Your opponent can negate this effect by revealing 1 Spell Card in their hand.
Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Negate that attack, and select another face-up monster your opponent controls. That monster attacks instead. (If it is in face-up Defense Position, change it to Attack Position.)
When an opponent's monster activates its effect, if you have 3 or more cards in your hand (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 "Dark World" monster on the field; return it to the hand, and if you do, the activated effect becomes "Discard 1 random card from your opponent's hand".
When your opponent Special Summons 2 or more face-up monsters at the same time: Send those monsters to the Graveyard, then send all monsters in the opponent's hand and Deck to the Graveyard that have the same name as the monsters sent to the Graveyard by this effect.
Tribute 1 DARK monster with 1500 or more ATK; destroy all monsters that were Special Summoned this turn.
Pay half your LP; Special Summon up to 2 "Darklord" monsters from your Graveyard in Defense Position, with the same Level as 1 face-up monster your opponent controls.
Send 1 "Darklord" monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; take control of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls until the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Darklord Enchantment" per turn.
Send 1 "Darklord" monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; destroy 1 card on the field. You can only activate 1 "Darklord Rebellion" per turn.
Select 1 face-up monster on the field. Increase the selected monster's ATK by 100 points for each monster in your Graveyard during the turn this card is activated. The number of monsters is applied when this card is activated.
Each player shuffles their Deck and draws 1 card, then each player discards 1 card.
When a monster effect is activated in the hand or Graveyard: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish it.
Tribute 1 DARK monster with 2000 or more ATK; check your opponent's hand, all monsters they control, and all cards they draw until the end of their 3rd turn after this card's activation, and destroy all those monsters with 1500 or less ATK.
When a Level 5 or higher Effect Monster(s) is Special Summoned: Banish that Level 5 or higher Effect Monster(s).
Activate only during the Battle Phase. Defense Position monsters your opponent controls are changed to face-up Attack Position, and their effects are negated.
During your opponent's turn, at damage calculation: Make the battle damage you take from this battle 0, and if you do, draw 1 card.
If you control a face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster: For the rest of this turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle, and any Battle Damage you take is reduced to 0. After this card resolves, put it on the bottom of your Deck.
Tribute 1 Level 4 or higher Dinosaur-Type monster; Special Summon 2 Level 3 or lower Reptile-Type monsters from your hand and/or Graveyard.
If you control a "Blackwing" monster: Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls. If you control exactly 3 "Blackwing" monsters, you can activate this card from your hand.
When your opponent's monster declares an attack, you can discard 1 card to negate the attack. Destroy this card during your opponent's 3rd End Phase after activation.
Destroy any monster that inflicts Battle Damage to a player's Life Points by attacking directly.
Target 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Defense Position, but its effects are negated, its Level is reduced by 1, its DEF becomes 0, also its battle position cannot be changed.
All monsters on your side of the field are changed to face-up Defense Position.
Target 1 "Edge Imp" or "Fluffal" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, it can be treated as a "Frightfur" monster for a Fusion Summon.
If a face-up Attack Position monster you control is destroyed by battle, during damage calculation, you can reduce the Battle Damage from this battle to 0 and Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your hand at the end of the Damage Step.
When this card and all 4 "Spirit Message" cards with different names are placed on your field, you win the Duel. Once per turn, during your opponent's End Phase: Place 1 "Spirit Message" card from your hand or Deck in your Spell & Trap Zone face-up, in the proper order of "I", "N", "A", and "L". When any "Spirit Message" card or "Destiny Board" you control leaves the field, send all "Spirit Message" cards and "Destiny Board" you control to the Graveyard.
When a "Destiny HERO" monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Special Summon, to your side of the field, all "Destiny HERO" monsters that were destroyed and sent to either Graveyard this turn.
When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster from your hand or Deck.
Select 1 monster you control. Destroy it, and gain Life Points equal to its ATK.
Discard 1 card. Negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect that destroys a monster(s) on the field, and destroy that card.
Send 3 cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, and take 1000 damage for each Spell or Trap Card sent to the Graveyard this way.
If the ATK of an attacking monster your opponent controls is lower than the DEF of the attacked Defense Position monster, destroy the attacking monster at the end of the Damage Step. (Damage calculation is applied normally.)
Destroy 1 face-up monster on your side of the field to inflict 1000 points of damage to both player's Life Points.
If you control a Fusion Monster that lists "Buster Blader" as Material: Banish all monsters your opponent controls. When a card or effect is activated that targets a "Buster Blader" monster(s) you control (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card from your Graveyard; negate that effect, and if you do, destroy that card.
Discard 1 "Destruction Sword" card; Special Summon 1 "Buster Blader" monster from the Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Fusion Summon 1 "Buster Blader, the Dragon Destroyer Swordsman" from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your Graveyard.
If either player has no cards in their hand at the start of their Draw Phase, they can draw 1 more card in addition to their normal draw. This card's controller loses 700 Life Points during their End Phase. (If less than 700, they become 0 instead.) When this face-up card is removed from the field, inflict 3000 damage to the player who controlled it.
Destroy 1 face-up monster with an A-Counter(s), and then inflict 1000 damage to each player.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck or Extra Deck with the same name, but shuffle it into the Deck during the End Phase of the next turn, also for the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Deck or Extra Deck. You can only activate 1 "Devil's Portrait" once per turn.
Destroy as many WATER monsters on the field as possible, then inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each WATER monster destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by this effect.
When a card(s) on the field is destroyed by battle or card effect: Special Summon "Duston" monsters from your Deck to anywhere on the field, equal to the number of cards destroyed. Once, while this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 "Duston" monster from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card to your opponent's field in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 1000). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card cannot be Tributed or be used as Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon.
Roll a six-sided die. Apply this effect, depending on whose turn it is.  ● During your turn: Banish cards from your GY equal to the result. Then, if the result was 1, send 6 cards from the top of your Deck to the GY.  ● During your opponent's turn: Send cards from the top of your Deck to the GY equal to the result. Then, if the result was 6, banish 1 card from your GY.
One time, during the rest of this turn, if either player(s) rolls a die (or dice), you can have the player(s) re-roll. (You can only gain this effect once per turn.)
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard; banish both it and 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster in your hand, and if you do, Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Synchro Monster whose Level equals the total original Levels of those 2 monsters. During your opponent's Battle Step: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Attack Position Synchro Monster on each side of the field; make that face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls attack that monster you control, and perform damage calculation.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, that requires a dice roll: Negate that activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): Roll a six-sided die, and return all of those Summoned monster(s) to the hand with a current Level that's the same as the result.
Once per turn: You can target 1 monster on the field whose current Level is different from its original Level; roll a six-sided die and that monster's Level becomes the same as the result.
If both players have at least 1 banished monster that can be Special Summoned: Each player Special Summons 1 of their banished monsters in face-down Defense Position.
This turn, any monster sent to the GY is banished instead.
When you take battle damage: Draw 1 card. If this card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can draw cards, equal to the number of "Dig of Destiny" in your Graveyard.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster you control; banish that target face-up. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can send this face-up card on the field to the Graveyard. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can Special Summon the monster banished by this card's effect.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control. It cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects. If the targeted monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls. At the end of the Damage Step, when it attacks a monster, but the attack target was not destroyed by the battle: You can banish 1 monster from your Graveyard; it must attack again in a row. If the targeted monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Activate this card by banishing 2 monsters you control, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon this card in Attack Position as an Effect Monster (Spellcaster-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK ?/DEF ?) with ATK and DEF equal to that face-up monster's ATK. (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If this monster is Summoned this way: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to this card's ATK.
When a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your side of the field (except during the Damage Step): Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; banish that target. If the Summon is an Xyz Summon, you can activate this card the turn it was Set.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control. Once per battle, during the Battle Step, if it is attacked by an opponent's monster with higher ATK: You can inflict damage to your opponent equal to the difference between the attacking monster's ATK and the targeted monster's. If the targeted monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Instead of you, your opponent takes the Battle Damage you would have taken from this battle.
Declare 1 monster card type (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, or Pendulum); for the rest of this turn, neither player can Special Summon monsters of the declared type, also negate the effects of all monsters of that type while they are on the field. You can only activate 1 "Dimensional Barrier" per turn.
Activate only when a monster(s) you own is removed from play by an opponent's effect. Special Summon 1 of those monsters.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target that attacking monster; banish that target.
If a "Dinomist" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.
Special Summon 1 "Dinomist" monster from your Deck, and if you do, it is unaffected by other cards' effects, also  destroy it during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Dinomist Rush" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can place up to 2 "Dinomist" Pendulum Monsters from your Deck in your Pendulum Zones, and if you do, you cannot Pendulum Summon monsters until the end of the next turn, except "Dinomist" monsters (even if this card leaves the field). Once per turn, if this card is already face-up: You can Tribute 1 "Dinomist" monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; return it to the hand.
Remove from play 1 card from your opponent's Graveyard.
Return 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your hand to the Deck, and negate the activation and effect of a Spell Card, and destroy it.
Destroy all Equip Cards on the field.
Neither player can Synchro Summon. Send this card to the Graveyard during your 3rd End Phase after activation.
Your opponent shuffles their entire hand into the Deck, then draws the same number of cards.
Activate only if "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is face-up on the field. Negate the activation of a Spell Card, Trap Card, or Effect Monster's effect, and destroy that card.
Target 1 "Aesir" monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
When a monster effect is activated: Discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.
Activate this card only if you control a Level 6 or higher "Yosenju" monster. While you have a "Yosenju" card in your Pendulum Zone, if a monster would be returned from the field to the hand by a card effect, shuffle it into the Deck instead, unless it is a "Yosenju" monster.
Select 1 face-down monster you control. Your opponent declares 2 Attributes. Reveal the selected monster. If its Attribute is one of the declared Attributes, your opponent draws 2 cards. If not, you draw 2 cards.
Activate this card by declaring 1 Monster Type. All face-up monsters on the field become that Type.
Activate by declaring 1 monster Attribute. All face-up monsters become that Attribute.
When a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated: Tribute all "Mecha Phantom Beast Tokens" you control; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack on a face-up Attack Position monster you control: Make your opponent's attack a direct attack instead and inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the attack target you control. Also, that monster you control can attack your opponent directly during your next turn.
When you take damage from the effect of a monster your opponent controls, inflict the same amount of damage to your opponent.
You can only activate this card during your opponent's turn. Select 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field. When you Normal Summon a monster that is 1 Level lower than the selected monster during your next turn, inflict damage to your opponent's Life Points equal to the Level of the selected monster x 500 points.
If your opponent controls a monster with the highest ATK on the field (even if tied): Target 1 "Galaxy-Eyes" or "Cipher" Xyz Monster you control that has Xyz Material; detach all Xyz Materials from that Xyz Monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 monster from your Extra Deck with the same name as that Xyz Monster.
When an opponent's Xyz Monster declares a direct attack: Special Summon 1 LIGHT Dragon-Type Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck in Attack Position, then the attacking monster attacks it instead, and you proceed to damage calculation. Its ATK becomes equal to the attacking monster's ATK, also its effects are negated. You can only activate 1 "Double Dragon Descent" per turn.
Tribute 2 monsters, then target 2 face-up monsters your opponent controls; take control of both targets until your End Phase.
Activate only when you take 1000 or more damage from your opponent's card effect: Place 1 Payback Counter on this card for every 1000 damage you took. During the End Phase of your opponent's next turn: Destroy this card, and if you do, inflict 2000 damage to your opponent for each Payback Counter on this card.
Activate only when you successfully Special Summon a "Gladiator Beast" monster. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand or Deck.
If your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) in Defense Position: Banish those monster(s) that were Summoned in (and currently in) Defense Position.
Target 2 "Six Samurai" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon those targets in face-up Attack Position. During the End Phase of this turn, destroy them, and if you do, take damage equal to those destroyed monsters' ATK.
Change all face-up Dragon-Type monsters on the field to Defense Position, also they cannot change their battle positions.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Dragon-Type monster you control with 2500 or less ATK and DEF; neither player can Special Summon monsters with ATK less than or equal to the original ATK of that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Dragon-Type monsters you control inflict piercing Battle Damage when they attack a Defense Position monster.
Target 1 Dragon-Type monster you control; banish that target, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Dragon-Type monster from your hand or Graveyard.
Target 1 of your banished Dragon-Type monsters; add that target to your hand.
You can target 1 "Dragonmaid" monster you control, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● Return it to the hand, and if you do, add 1 "Dragonmaid" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Dragonmaid Relaxation".  ● Return it to the hand, and if you do, return 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls to the hand.  You can only use this effect of "Dragonmaid Relaxation" once per turn.
You can activate 1 of these effects, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except "Dragunity" monsters. You can only use this effect of "Dragunity Legion" once per turn.  ● Target 1 "Dragunity" Monster Card in your Spell & Trap Zone; Special Summon it in Defense Position.  ● Target 1 "Dragunity" monster you control; equip 1 "Dragunity" monster from your GY to that target.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate that attack, and if you do, gain LP equal to that target's ATK.
Activate only when a card is activated that targets an "Amazoness" monster. Return the targeted monster to its owner's hand and Special Summon 1 other monster from your hand.
When your opponent adds a card(s) from their Deck to their hand, including drawing: They must discard 1 of those cards.
When your opponent draws a card(s) because of their card effect: Reveal the card(s) they drew, and if there are Monster Cards among them, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the total ATK of those monsters, and if you do, banish all revealed cards. You can only activate 1 "Draw Discharge" per turn.
If you control a “Dream Mirror” monster: Target 1 each of your banished “Dream Mirror of Joy” and “Dream Mirror of Terror”; shuffle them into the Deck, and if you do, banish 1 card on the field. If a “Dream Mirror” card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your GY instead. You can only activate 1 “Dream Mirror Fantasy” per turn.
Choose 1 "Dream Mirror of Joy" and 1 "Dream Mirror of Terror" from your hand and/or Deck, and place 1 in your Field Zone and the other in your opponent's Field Zone, face-up. You can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror Hypnagogia" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while a "Dream Mirror of Joy" is in a Field Zone: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.  ● When your opponent would Special Summon monster(s) while a "Dream Mirror of Terror" is in a Field Zone: Negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster.  You can only activate 1 "Dream Mirror Oneiromancy" per turn.
If you gain LP: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; destroy it. If you control an "Aroma" monster and your LP is at least 3000 higher than your opponent's: You can pay LP equal to the difference; destroy face-up monsters your opponent controls whose combined ATK is less than or equal to the LP you paid to activate this effect. You can only use each effect of "Dried Winds" once per turn.
You can only activate this card when 1 or more of your Trap Cards are destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect your opponent controls. Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
When your opponent draws for their normal draw in their Draw Phase: Your opponent discards 1 card they just drew.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: Shuffle all your opponent's Attack Position monsters into the Deck.
Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects when "Gusto" monsters you control declare their attacks this turn.
Target 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; destroy that target, then you can Set 1 Spell/Trap Card from your hand.
Banish all "Laval" monsters from your Graveyard; destroy any number of cards on the field, up to the number of monsters banished for this card's activation.
Target 1 monster on the field; this turn, it cannot be Tributed, or be used as a Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz Material for a Summon. If this Set card you control is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can add 1 "Duston" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Activate this card by banishing 1 face-up monster you control or 1 monster in your GY; Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Spellcaster/LIGHT/ATK 0/DEF 0) with the same original Level as the banished monster's. (This card is also still a Trap.) You can only activate 1 "Dwimmered Glimmer" per turn.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while you control a "Earthbound Immortal" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Select 2 Monster Card Attributes. Your opponent then selects 1 of the 2 Attributes and destroys all face-up monsters with that Attribute on the field.
If the ATK of a monster summoned by your opponent (excluding Special Summon) is 500 points or less, the monster is destroyed.
Select 1 face-up monster you control. Until the End Phase, it loses 500 ATK and during battle between that attacking monster and a Defense Position monster whose DEF is lower than the selected monster's ATK, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent. When the selected monster destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard this turn, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's original DEF.
You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; destroy it, then draw 1 card. You can only use this effect of "Echo Oscillation" once per turn.
Tribute 1 "Elemental HERO Bladedge" to target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target and inflict damage to your opponent equal to that target's original ATK.
When a monster with an Attribute other than WATER is Normal or Special Summoned (including face-down Summons), and you control a face-up WATER monster: That Summoned monster is changed to Defense Position.
Remove from play 1 Monster Card in your hand to activate this card. Your opponent's monsters that have the same Attribute as the monster removed by this effect cannot declare an attack.
Tribute 1 each of WIND, WATER, FIRE, and EARTH monsters to activate this card. Destroy all cards on your opponent's side of the field.
Gain 1000 Life Points for each face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control.
Your opponent cannot target "Palace of the Elemental Lords" you control with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn: You can Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 1 "Elementsaber" monster from your Deck with a different original Attribute than that monster's. You can send this face-up card from the field to the GY; discard your entire hand, then add "Elemental Lord" monsters from your GY to your hand, equal to the number of cards discarded.
Discard 1 Spell Card. Destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. Check your opponent's hand, and all cards in their hand with the same name as the destroyed card are sent to the Graveyard.
During either player's Main Phase: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Reptile-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1600/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap Card.)
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "roid" Fusion Monster: Negate the activation, then send all cards with the same name as that card from the activating player's Deck and Extra Deck to the GY. You can banish this card from the GY, then target 1 "roid" monster in your GY; add it to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Emergeroid Call" once per turn.
The first time this face-up card on the field would be destroyed by an opponent's card effect, it is not destroyed. Once per turn, you can activate 1 of these effects.  ●Discard 1 Level 10 monster; draw 1 card.  ●If this is the only card in your Spell & Trap Zone: Target 1 "Timelord" monster in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, then, you can Set 1 "Infinite Machine" directly from your hand or Deck.
Increase your Life Points by the ATK of 1 opponent's attacking monster.
Select 1 face-up monster on your side of the field. Increase the ATK and DEF of the monster by an amount equal to the number of cards in your opponent's hand x 200 points, until the End Phase.
Chain this card to an opponent's card effect that would inflict damage to you. That damage is negated and you gain Life Points equal to the amount you would have taken.
Your opponent's hand size limit becomes 5.
You cannot Summon the turn you activate this card. Activate at the end of the Damage Step, if a Spellcaster-Type monster you control attacked and destroyed an opponent's monster by battle. That monster can attack again (immediately).
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): Destroy that monster, then you can banish 5 Zombie monsters from your GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher Zombie monster from your hand or Deck.
Activate only during the Battle Phase. Select 1 Equip Card equipped to a face-up Attack Position monster you control, and select 1 face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls. Equip that monster with the selected Equip Card. Then, conduct battle between your previously equipped monster and the selected monster (other effects cannot be activated during this battle).
Tribute 1 DARK monster with 2500 or more ATK, and declare 1 card type (Spell or Trap); check your opponent's hand, all Spell/Trap Cards they control, and all cards they draw until the end of their 3rd turn after this card's activation, and destroy all cards of that type.
Once per turn, during your opponent's Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 monster.
Target 1 of your banished DARK monsters; Special Summon that target. When this card leaves the field, destroy that target, and if you do, banish it. When that target is destroyed, destroy this card.
Target 1 "Unchained" monster you control and 1 card on the field; destroy both. If this Set card is destroyed by card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Unchained" monster from your Deck. You can only use each effect of "Escape of the Unchained" once per turn.
Put 2 Clock Counters on "Clock Tower Prison".
If you control a "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster: Target 1 Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Photon" or "Galaxy" Xyz Monster that is 4 Ranks higher than that target, by using that target as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only activate 1 "Eternal Galaxy" per turn.
Every "Dark Magician" in your Monster Zone is unaffected by your opponent's card effects. If this face-up card leaves the field: Destroy all monsters you control. You can only use the following effect of "Eternal Soul" once per turn. You can activate 1 of these effects; ● Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand or Graveyard. ● Add 1 "Dark Magic Attack" or "Thousand Knives" from your Deck to your hand.
At the end of the Battle Phase, if your opponent controls more cards than you do: You can make your opponent banish cards from their field face-down so they control the same number of cards as you do. If you control no cards, you can activate this card from your hand.
Activate only when a monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. Equip this card to that monster. It gains 500 ATK. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases, inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
If you control an "Evil Eye" monster: Target 1 monster on the field, or up to 2 instead if "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone; return them to the hand. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Defeat" per turn.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s): Activate this card by targeting 1 of those Summoned monsters in Attack Position, with less ATK than an "Evil Eye" monster you control; take control of that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card. While "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone, that targeted monster is also treated as an "Evil Eye" monster. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Mesmerism" per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated, while you control an "Evil Eye" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. If "Evil Eye of Selene" is in your Spell & Trap Zone, this card's activation and effect cannot be negated. You can only activate 1 "Evil Eye Retribution" per turn.
Target 1 face-up Reptile-Type monster you control; destroy it and Special Summon 1 "Evoltile" monster in face-down Defense Position from your Deck.
Tribute 1 Reptile-Type monster; Special Summon 1 "Evolsaur" monster from your Deck.
Target 1 "Evoltile" monster and 1 "Evolsaur" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 "Evolzar" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, and if you do, attach those monsters to it as Xyz Materials.
When a monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target 1 "Evoltile" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target, then switch the attack target to that monster and conduct damage calculation.
You can only use 1 "Exchange of Night and Day" effect per turn, and only once that turn. You can activate 1 of these effects. ● Send 1 LIGHT Warrior-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then add 1 DARK Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, with the same Level the sent monster had in your hand. ● Send 1 DARK Warrior-Type monster from your hand to the Graveyard, then add 1 LIGHT Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand, with the same Level the sent monster had in your hand.
If both players have 15 or more cards in their Graveyards: Pay 1000 LP; each player swaps the cards in their Graveyard with the cards in their Deck, then shuffles their Deck. You can only activate 1 "Exchange of the Spirit" per Duel.
During each Battle Phase: You can banish 1 DARK Link Monster from your GY, then target 1 "Borrel" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster banished to activate this effect. You can only use this effect of "Execute Protocols" once per turn.
Remove all Spell Counters on both sides of the field.
Activate only when your opponent activates a Trap Card. During your Standby Phase: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. Your opponent must control a face-up Trap Card for you to activate and resolve this effect. During your 3rd End Phase after activation, send this card to the Graveyard.
Activate only if you control a face-up "Naturia" monster and have at least 1 card in your hand. Negate the activation of an opponent's Spell/Trap Card and destroy it. Then, send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard.
During the Main Phase: Pay 2000 LP; make both players send all cards they control to the Graveyard at the end of the 3rd Battle Phase after this card's activation.
Each time a card(s) is added to your Extra Deck, place 1 Spell Counter on this card (max. 3). You can send this card with 3 Spell Counters to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards.
Special Summon 1 "Infernoid" monster from your hand, ignoring its Summoning conditions, but its effects are negated until the end of this turn.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon 1 "F.A." monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "F.A. Dead Heat" once per turn. Once per battle, if your "F.A." monster battles an opponent's monster, before damage calculation: You can have both players roll a six-sided die. If your result is higher, increase the Level of your battling monster by 4, until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If your result is lower, destroy your battling monster. If it's a tie, both players roll again.
If only your opponent controls a monster: Special Summon 1 "F.A." monster from your hand, and if you do, increase its Level by 3 until the end of this turn. If this card is in the GY and you control no cards in your Field Zone: You can banish this card from the GY; activate 1 "F.A." Field Spell directly from your hand or GY. You can only use this effect of "F.A. Overheat" once per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated during the Damage Step: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
When your opponent's monster declares an attack: Toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, the attacking monster's ATK becomes 0 until the end of the Battle Phase. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 500 Life Points or destroy this card.
Destroy as many face-up Spell/Trap Cards on the field as possible (other than this card), and if you do, each player takes damage equal to the total number of cards destroyed by this effect x 300.
When your opponent activates a Spell Card that targets exactly 1 monster (and no other cards) on the field: Target another card that would be an appropriate target; that Spell now targets the new target.
Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Monsters cannot be destroyed by this battle. After damage calculation, Special Summon 1 "Summon Reactor・SK" from your hand or Graveyard.
Send 1 "Blackwing" monster from your hand to the Graveyard and select 1 Normal Trap Card in your opponent's Graveyard. The effect of this card will be the same as the selected Normal Trap Card.
You can only activate this card when your opponent uses an effect of a Spell, Trap, or Effect Monster to destroy Trap Card(s) on your side of the field. Destroy this card as a substitute of those Trap Card(s) and the other Trap Card(s) are not destroyed. If a Set card(s) would have been destroyed, pick up and see the Set card(s).
If you control a Normal Monster: Target up to 3 of your banished Normal Monsters; shuffle them into the Deck.
Each time 1 monster is sent from the field to the Graveyard, inflict 500 points of damage per card to the respective card owner's Life Points.
Target 1 monster that cannot be Normal Summoned/Set in either GY; Special Summon it.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated while you control a face-up "Elemental HERO Avian": Negate the activation and destroy it.
If the combined ATK of all face-up monsters your opponent controls is higher than your LP: Make your opponent shuffle monsters they control into the Deck (their choice), so that the combined ATK of the remaining monsters they control becomes less than or equal to your LP.
Toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, all of your opponent's cards in the Graveyard are removed from play immediately. If you call it wrong, send a number of cards equal to the number of cards in your opponent's Graveyard from your Deck to your Graveyard.
Target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; shuffle it into the Deck, then you can send 1 Fiend-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard.
Switch the opponent's Spell Card effect that targets 1 Spell or Trap Card to another correct target.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Effect Monster on the field; negate the effects of that face-up monster while it is on the field, also that face-up monster cannot attack. When it is destroyed, destroy this card.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. If your opponent controls a monster with ATK higher than that same monster's original ATK, the ATK of the equipped monster becomes double the equipped monster's original ATK, during the Damage Step only.
If cards on both players' fields are destroyed by battle or card effect at the same time: Each player draws 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Fighting Dirty" per turn.
All face-up monsters on the field are changed to Attack Position and their battle positions cannot be changed.
During either player's Battle Step, when a Fusion Monster you control battles an opponent's Fusion Monster: Target both those Fusion Monsters; negate the attack, and if you do, each player takes damage equal to the combined ATK of both those Fusion Monsters.
If a monster(s) with an original Level of 7 or higher is sent from each player's field to the Graveyard this turn: Banish as many monsters from the Graveyards as possible, then you can Special Summon the 1 highest-Level Spellcaster-Type monster among those banished monsters to your field (your choice, if tied).
Discard 2 cards.
Activate only while you have no cards in your hand. Roll a six-sided die 3 times, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to the sum of the die rolls × 100.
During the turn this card is activated, if a Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. (This applies even if this card leaves the field.) All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.
Activate only during Main Phase 1. When this card is activated: Target 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control; during this phase, its effects are negated, also it is unaffected by the effects of cards other than this card. (This applies even if this card leaves the field.) All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.
When this card is activated: Target 1 Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control; it gains 700 ATK until the end of this turn. (This ATK gain remains even if this card leaves the field.) All Beast-Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 300 ATK.
Send 2 face-up "Burning Abyss" monsters you control to the Graveyard, then target up to 3 cards on the field; destroy those targets.
When your opponent declares a direct attack, you can negate that monster's attack by removing from play 1 Pyro-Type monster in your Graveyard. Pay 500 Life Points during each of your Standby Phases. If you do not, destroy this card.
Target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. When a Normal Monster is destroyed by battle: You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Warrior-Type/EARTH/Level 3/ATK 1200/DEF 400). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) You can only use this effect of "First-Aid Squad" once per turn. If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.
Tribute 1 Fish-Type monster to target 1 card on the field; destroy that target, and if you do, draw 1 card.
When a face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster on the field is banished: Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster from your hand. (The banished monster(s) must be Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type even after being banished.)
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a face-up non-Effect Monster: Negate the activation. If this Set card in its owner's control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 non-Effect Monster from your Extra Deck.
When this card is activated: Gain 500 LP for each Continuous Spell/Trap Card you control. If this face-up card you control is sent to your Graveyard by your opponent's card effect: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each Continuous Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Banish 1 FIRE monster with 200 DEF from your Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Activate only after damage calculation when a monster your opponent controls made a direct attack. It is now the End Phase of this turn.
When your opponent Summons a monster(s): Change that monster(s) to face-down Defense Position. Monsters changed to face-down Defense Position by this effect cannot change their battle positions.
When a face-up "Fluffal" monster(s) you control is destroyed by your opponent's attack or card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Target 1 of those destroyed monsters; add it to your hand, and if you do, draw 1 card.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Synchro Monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects. At the start of the Damage Step, if it battles an opponent's Level 5 or higher monster: You can destroy that opponent's monster, and if you do, the targeted Synchro Monster gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster, until the end of this turn. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Select 1 monster from your opponent's Graveyard, and Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position on your opponent's side of the field.
Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); if 2 or more monsters of the declared type are on the field, make each player send all monsters of that type from their field to the Graveyard.
Negate the Normal Summon or Flip Summon of a monster and return the monster to its owner's hand.
Discard 1 card from your hand. No Trap Cards can be activated until the end of this turn.
You can activate this card when you discard from your hand. After that, each time you discard from your hand, your opponent must also discard the same number of cards from his/her hand.
While this card is on the field, this card's name becomes "Umi". Once per turn: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower Fish, Sea Serpent or Aqua-Type monster you control; banish that target. During your End Phase: Special Summon the monster(s) banished by this effect.
Select and activate 1 of the following effects: ● Equip 1 Union Monster on your side of the field to an appropriate monster on your side of the field as an Equip Spell Card. ● Unequip 1 of your equipped Union Monsters and Special Summon it to your side of the field in face-up Attack Position.
Target any number of your banished "Fortune Lady" monsters with different names; Special Summon them, but shuffle them into the Deck during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Fortune Lady Rewind" per turn.
Activate this card by discarding 1 card, then target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. Its effects are negated. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Banish from your Graveyard the Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on a "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster Card, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) Destroy it during the End Phase.
Once per turn, when your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the hand (except during the Damage Step): You can return to the hand all monsters your opponent controls that were Special Summoned from the hand. If neither player controls a "Flower Cardian" Synchro Monster, send this card to the Graveyard.
When an opponent's Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets a "Frightfur" monster(s) you control: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can send 1 of the targeted "Frightfur" monsters to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Level 8 or higher "Frightfur" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.) During your next End Phase, banish the monster Special Summoned by this effect.
Activate only when a face-up "Frog" monster you control, except "Frog the Jam", is selected as an attack target. Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.
You can only activate this card when your Life Points are at least 2000 lower than your opponent's. Skip your opponent's next Battle Phase.
Look at the top 3 cards of your Deck and return those cards to the top of the Deck in any order.
When there are face-up WIND, WATER, FIRE and EARTH monster(s) on the field: Apply 1 of these effects. ●Destroy all monsters your opponent controls. ●Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls. ●Discard 2 random cards from your opponent's hand. ●Draw 2 cards.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy 1 monster on the field with the same Attribute, but a different name, as that monster.
Tribute 1 DARK monster with 2000 or more DEF; check your opponent's hand, all monsters they control, and all cards they draw until the end of their 3rd turn after this card's activation, and destroy all those monsters with 1500 or less DEF.
Target 2 other face-up Spell/Trap Cards and 3 Set Spell/Trap Cards, on the field; destroy them.
When this card resolves, send your entire hand to the Graveyard. Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card you sent to the Graveyard by this effect.
While this card is Set: Target 1 card on the field in this card's column; destroy it.
Target 1 "Frightfur" Fusion Monster you control and 1 Fusion Monster your opponent controls; destroy as many other Special Summoned monsters on the field as possible, then each player that had a monster(s) destroyed by this effect takes damage equal to the combined current ATK of the targeted monster(s) on the field.
Activate only when an effect that inflicts damage is activated. Negate its activation and effect, and randomly send 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck to the Graveyard.
Reveal 1 Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck, add 1 of the Fusion Materials whose name is specifically listed on that card from your Deck to your hand, then you can add 1 "Polymerization" from your Graveyard to your hand.
If you control 2 or more face-up "Gagaga" monsters: This turn, monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects.
When a face-up "Gagaga" monster(s) you control is targeted by the effect of an opponent's monster: Negate the effect of that opponent's monster, and if you do, destroy it, then inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK or DEF in the Graveyard (whichever is higher).
Target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target. Twice per turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
You can only activate this card when your opponent's hand is 6 or more cards and your hand is 2 or less. Toss a coin and call heads or tails. If you call it right, draw until your hand has 5 cards. If you call it wrong, skip your next turn.
When a Defense Position monster you control is targeted for an attack: Change that Defense Position monster to face-up Attack Position. Then, if the attacking monster is destroyed by that battle and sent to the Graveyard: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK in the Graveyard.
Special Summon 2 "Geargiano" monsters from your Deck and increase their Levels by 1. You can only activate 1 "Geargiagear" per turn.
During each of your Standby Phases, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the number of face-up Continuous Spell Cards on the field x 300.
Tribute 1 "Gem-Knight" monster, then target 1 "Gem-Knight" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target from the Graveyard.
During the Main Phase: You can discard 1 card, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● Special Summon 1 Gemini monster from your Deck, and if you do, it becomes an Effect Monster and gains its effects.  ● Tribute 1 Gemini monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 FIRE Warrior monster from your hand or Deck, then if the Tributed monster was treated as an Effect Monster and gained its effects, you can destroy 1 card on the field.  You can only use this effect of "Gemini Ablation" once per turn.
Equip this card to a Gemini monster you control as an Equip Card. It gains 700 ATK. When this card is destroyed while equipped and sent to the Graveyard, select 1 face-up Gemini monster and treat it as an Effect Monster.
Change 1 face-up Gemini monster you control to face-down Defense Position and negate the activation of an opponent's Spell Card, and destroy it.
Activate only when a Gemini monster that is treated as an Effect Monster is destroyed by battle. Destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
Activate 1 "Generaider" Field Spell directly from your Deck or GY, then your opponent draws 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Generaider Battle" per turn.
Tribute any number of "Generaider" monsters, then target 1 Xyz Monster you control; attach the same number of "Generaider" monsters, except the Tributed monsters, from your hand, field, and/or GY to the targeted monster as material. You can only activate 1 "Generaider Bite" per turn.
When your opponent activates a card or effect in response to your "Generaider" card or effect activation: You can discard 1 card; the activated effect becomes "each player draws 1 card". You can only use this effect of "Generaider Territory" once per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; destroy that target, then add 1 card with the same name as the destroyed card from your Deck to your hand.
Target 1 "Tindangle" Link Monster you control; equip this card to it. It cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, also your opponent cannot target it with card effects. Once per turn, if there are monsters in all zones the equipped monster points to: If there are still monsters in all zones the equipped monster points to, you can destroy this card and all of those monsters, then, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the equipped monster's ATK before they were destroyed.
Target 2 monsters your opponent controls that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; shuffle them into the Deck. You can only activate 1 "Get Out!" per turn.
If your opponent has 8 or more cards in their Graveyard: The ATK of all monsters your opponent currently controls become 0.
When exactly 1 face-up "Ghostrick" monster you control (and no other cards) is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: Target 2 "Ghostrick" monsters in your Graveyard with different names from the destroyed monster; Special Summon them in face-down Defense Position.
While a "Ghostrick" monster is on the field, your opponent cannot Flip Summon. When this card in your possession is destroyed by your opponent's card and sent to the Graveyard: Your opponent cannot declare attacks for the rest of this turn.
Target 1 "Ghostrick" Field Spell you control; return it to the hand, then you can activate 1 Field Spell from your hand or Deck. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Ghostrick" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon 1 "Ghostrick" Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck with a different name, by using that target as material. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer that target's materials to the Summoned monster.) You can only use this effect of "Ghostrick Renovation" once per turn.
Target any number of face-down Defense Position monsters you control; change them to face-up Defense Position, count the number of "Ghostrick" monsters among them, and if you do, change up to that many face-up monsters your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position (min. 1).
Reveal 1 "Ghostrick" monster in your hand; this turn, "Ghostrick" cards you control, and face-down Defense Position monsters you control, cannot be targeted by, or be destroyed by, card effects.
Once per turn, during the Battle Phase: You can activate 1 of these effects. ●Target 1 "Ghostrick" monster you control; change that target to face-down Defense Position, and if you do, change 1 face-down Defense Position monster your opponent controls to face-up Attack Position. ●Target 1 face-down Defense Position monster you control; change that target to face-up Attack Position, and if it is a "Ghostrick" monster, change 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to face-down Defense Position.
Banish 2 monsters from your GY, then target 1 Attack Position monster on the field; change its ATK to 0 until the end of this turn.
When 2 or more monsters are Special Summoned at the same time: Destroy all monsters on the field.
Your opponent gains 3000 Life Points.
Increase your Life Points by 300 points for each monster on the field.
Special Summon 1 monster from your Graveyard to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position, and increase the Level of 1 monster you control by the Level of the Special Summoned monster, until the End Phase.
Target face-up cards on the field, up to the number of "Gladiator Beast" monsters you control with different names; destroy them.
When an Effect Monster's effect is activated, if you control a face-up "Gladiator Beast" monster: Negate the activation and destroy it.
Activate only when you Special Summon a "Gladiator Beast" monster. Your opponent discards 1 card of their choice.
If you control a "Gladiator Beast" monster, all monster your opponent controls must attack, if able. Once per turn: You can return 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster from your hand or GY, then target 1 "Gladiator Beast" monster you control; that monster gains ATK equal to its Original DEF until the End Phase. If this card in your Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by card effect: You can make all "Gladiator Beast" monsters you control unable to be destroyed by battle this turn.
Add 1 "Nordic" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Lightsworn" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in face-up Attack Position. During each of your End Phases: Send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
When a Level 2 or lower monster is Flip Summoned, destroy it. Its effects do not activate at that time.
Pay 500 Life Points. Negate the activation of a Spell Card and return it to the owner's hand.
You can target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a monster with the same Attribute as that target, add it to your hand, and if you do, shuffle that target into the Deck. Otherwise, send the excavated card to the GY, and if you do, destroy this card. You can only use this effect of "Goldfish Rescue" once per turn.
Draw cards equal to the number of "Good Goblin Housekeeping" cards in your Graveyard +1, then select 1 card from your hand and return it to the bottom of your Deck.
Until the end of this turn, all effects of Defense Position monsters are negated.
If a face-up "X-Saber" monster is on the field: Target 2 "X-Saber" monsters in any Graveyard; Special Summon both to your side of the field.
Each player can only control 1 Attribute of monster. Send all other face-up monsters they control to the Graveyard.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 2 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target in Attack Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Add 1 card from your hand to your opponent's hand, then gain 2000 LP.
During your opponent's Main Phase, when they would Special Summon a monster(s): Negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster, then your opponent draws 1 card, then end the Main Phase.
Turn the top card of your opponent's Deck face-up, then your opponent shuffles their Deck. When your opponent draws the face-up card, immediately send it to the Graveyard.
All face-up Level 6 or higher Special Summoned monsters on the field cannot declare an attack or activate their effects.
Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on each side of the field; return them to the hand.
Select 1 Spell Card from your opponent's Graveyard. You can use it as your hand until the end of the turn. If you use it, you take 2000 points of damage.
During each of your Standby Phases, inflict 100 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points for each of your opponent's monsters that have been removed from play.
If your monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the GY while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: Special Summon 1 "Fireball Token" (Pyro/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100). If a monster(s) is sent from your hand and/or field to the GY by an opponent's card effect while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: Special Summon as many "Fireball Tokens" as possible, up to the number of monsters sent. You can only use this effect of "Graveyard of Wandering Souls" once per turn.
Level 4 or higher monsters cannot attack.
Activate by sending 1 face-up Synchro Monster you control to the Graveyard when your opponent Summons a monster. Negate the Summon and destroy that card. Your opponent cannot Summon a monster until the End Phase of this turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, that targets exactly 1 "Graydle" monster you control (and no other cards) is activated: Activate 1 of these effects; ● The activated effect becomes "Destroy that monster". ● Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can Special Summon 1 "Graydle" monster from your Deck in Attack Position, if you control no monsters. When a "Graydle" monster you control declares a direct attack: You can target 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon that target to their side of the field, if they control no monsters. You can only use each effect of "Graydle Parasite" once per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to it. It gains 500 ATK. During your Main Phase: You can send this card equipped to a monster by this effect to the Graveyard; destroy the monster this card was equipped to, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Graydle" monsters with different names from your Deck, but destroy them during the End Phase. You can only use this effect of "Graydle Split" once per turn.
Each time a player draws cards because of a card effect, they take 500 damage during the End Phase for each card drawn by the card effect.
Tribute 1 DARK monster with 3000 or less ATK; your opponent destroys 1 card (of their choice) in their hand or Deck for every 500 ATK that monster had on the field. If you Tributed a monster with 2000 or more ATK to activate this card, look at all cards your opponent draws until the end of their 3rd turn after this card's activation, and destroy all monsters among them. Cards destroyed and sent to the GY by this card's effects cannot activate their own effects that same turn.
If you control a face-up monster that was Tribute, Ritual, or Fusion Summoned: Until the end of your opponent's next turn, neither player can Synchro or Xyz Summon, Synchro and Xyz Monsters cannot attack, also their effects are negated.
When your opponent activates "Harpie's Feather Duster": Negate its effect, and if you do, destroy all Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
If a "Gagaga", "Gogogo", and/or "Dododo" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it, then you can Special Summon up to 2 "Gagaga", "Dododo", and/or "Gogogo" monsters from your hand in Defense Position.
Activate only when a card is activated with an effect that would target and destroy 1 monster you control. Negate the effect and destroy that card. Then inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Tribute 1 Dragon monster, then target 2 cards on the field; destroy them. You can only activate 1 "Guardragon Corruption" per turn.
You can send 1 Effect Monster from your hand to the GY; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Dragon Normal Monster from your hand, Deck, or GY in Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Guardragon Awakening" once per turn.
You can activate this card when 1 or more of your Spell Cards are destroyed and sent from the field to the Graveyard by a card effect your opponent controls. Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
During damage calculation, if a monster you control is being attacked: Target that monster you control; that target gains ATK equal to half the original ATK of the attacking monster, until the End Phase.
During your opponent's Battle Phase (except during the Damage Step): Your opponent chooses 1 of these effects. ● Halve the ATK of all monsters they currently control, until the end of the Battle Phase. ● End the Battle Phase.
Target 1 monster on the field; this turn, that monster cannot be destroyed by battle, also any battle damage you take from attacks involving that monster is halved.
Target 2 monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon both, but they have their effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 LIGHT "Utopia" or "Utopic" Xyz Monster using only those 2 monsters.
Discard 1 card from your hand. This turn, any damage you take from your opponent's cards and effects becomes 0.
Each time a monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, return 1 card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zone to its owner's hand.
Each time a monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, select 1 card from your opponent's Graveyard and return it to the bottom of their Deck.
Shuffle 1 "Harpie Lady Sisters" from your Monster Zone into the Deck, then you can Special Summon 3 "Harpie" monsters with different original names, 1 each from your hand, Deck, and GY. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except WIND monsters. If this card you control is destroyed by a "Harpie" card's effect or your opponent's card effect: Add 1 "Harpie" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Harpie Lady Elegance" once per turn.
If you control a WIND Winged Beast-Type monster: Until the end of this turn, negate any monster effects your opponent activates. If you control a "Harpie" monster, you can activate this card from your hand. If this card in its owner's Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 "Harpie's Feather Duster" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
When a Fiend-Type monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target the opponent's attacking monster and that monster you control; destroy both targets, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the original ATK of the opponent's destroyed monster.
If you control no monsters: Target 1 Zombie monster in your GY; Special Summon it. If you control no monsters: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Zombie monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated. You can only use 1 "Haunted Shrine" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
You can Normal Summon "Hazy Flame" monsters for 1 less Tribute. You can send this face-up card from the field to the Graveyard to target 1 "Hazy" card in your Graveyard, except "Hazy Glory"; add that target to your hand.
When either player activates a monster effect on the field: You can activate this effect; that player tosses a coin and calls it. If they call it right, send this card to the GY. If they call it wrong, negate the activation, and if you do, give control of that monster to that player's opponent. You can only use this effect of "Head Judging" once per turn.
When you take battle damage from your opponent's direct attack: Take control of the 1 face-up monster your opponent controls with the highest DEF, until your next End Phase. (If it's a tie, you get to choose.) Its effects are negated, also it cannot declare an attack.
When a face-up card(s) on the field and/or in the GY is added to your opponent's hand by an effect: Look at their hand, also banish the added card(s) and all cards with the same name, if any.
If your opponent has 8 or more cards in their hand: They shuffle their entire hand into the Deck, then draw 2 cards.
Target up to 2 Spells/Traps on the field; destroy them. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Special Summon 1 "Heraldic Beast" monster from your hand, then end the Battle Phase.
When an effect of your opponent's Xyz Monster is activated by detaching its own Xyz Material(s): Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Negate 1 attack from an opponent's monster. You must control a face-up "Elemental HERO" monster to resolve this effect.
Target 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, then if your opponent controls any monsters with ATK less than or equal to that target's ATK, destroy 1 of them.
When an "Elemental HERO" monster you control is destroyed by battle: Your opponent chooses and reveals 1 random card from your hand, then, if it is an "Elemental HERO" monster, you destroy 1 monster your opponent controls and Special Summon the chosen monster.
When this Set card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect, shuffle this card into its owner's Deck. Then draw 1 card.
Target 1 Warrior-Type monster with 1500 or less ATK; equip this card to that target. Monsters your opponent controls with 1900 or more ATK cannot attack that target.
When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Elemental HERO" monster from your hand or Deck.
During the Battle Phase, if an "Elemental HERO" monster you controlled was destroyed by battle this turn: Make the Battle Damage from 1 of your opponent's monsters 0.
Negate the activation of a Spell, Trap, or Effect Monster's effect that targets a card(s) in the Graveyard, and destroy it.
When a face-up "Heroic" monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target another face-up Level 4 or lower "Heroic" monster you control; double its ATK during this Battle Phase, then switch the attack target to it and conduct damage calculation, but monsters cannot be destroyed by this battle.
If your opponent's Life Points are 2000 or less: Make their Life Points 8000, and if you do, draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Heroic Gift" per turn.
Target 1 face-up "Heroic" monster you control; equip this card to that target. All Battle Damage you take from battles involving the equipped monster is also inflicted to your opponent. After damage calculation: Destroy any opponent's monster that battles the equipped monster.
During your Battle Phase: Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster that attacked this turn; it can make a second attack during this Battle Phase. If it does so using this effect, your opponent cannot activate cards or effects until the end of the Damage Step.
When your opponent Normal or Flip Summons a monster: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower DARK monster from your hand.
During your turn: Target 2 Spell Cards in your Graveyard; shuffle those targets into the Deck.
Once per turn, during your opponent's turn: You can send 1 "Hieratic" monster from your Deck to your Graveyard. Once per turn, during your turn: You can target 1 of your banished "Hieratic" monsters; return that target to the Graveyard. When this face-up card on the field is sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 "Hieratic" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Tribute 1 "Hieratic" monster to target 1 card your opponent controls; banish that target.
When a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated: Tribute 1 "Hieratic" monster; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
If you control a Level 7 or higher WATER or FIRE monster: Apply the appropriate effects, in sequence, depending on the Attributes of monsters you control at that time. ● WATER: Special Summon as many WATER monsters as possible that were sent to your Graveyard to activate monster effects this turn, then destroy 1 monster you control. ● FIRE: Destroy 1 monster on the field, then if you have any cards in your hand, discard 1 card to the Graveyard.
If your opponent's LP is at least 1000 higher than yours: Pay 1000 LP; draw 1 card for every 2000 points difference between your LP and your opponent's.
When a monster(s) would be Summoned: Tribute 1 monster; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).
Target 1 Beast or Beast-Warrior-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 800 ATK. If the equipped monster destroys your opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card.
If the DEF of a monster summoned by your opponent (excluding Special Summon) is 500 points or less, the monster is destroyed.
When a monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each face-up Beast-Type monster you control.
This card can only be activated during your Main Phase when "People Running About", "Oppressed People", and "United Resistance" are face-up on your side of the field. Send all cards in your opponent's hand to the Graveyard and destroy all cards your opponent controls on the field.
During the End Phase of each turn, select a number of Level 2 or lower Normal Monsters from your Deck equal to the number of your Level 2 or lower Normal Monsters destroyed as a result of battle during that turn, and Special Summon them to your side of the field. The Deck is then shuffled.
You can pay 1000 LP; add 1 "Aroma" monster from your Deck to your hand. If your LP is lower than your opponent's: You can gain 500 LP. You can only use each effect of "Humid Winds" once per turn.
When a monster(s) is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field: Special Summon 1 Dinosaur-Type monster from your hand.
Activate this card by discarding 1 card; Special Summon as many copies of "Harpie Lady" as possible from your Graveyard. When this face-up card leaves the field, destroy those monsters.
Tribute 1 Winged Beast-Type monster, then target 2 cards on the field; destroy them.
When exactly 1 monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; send that target to the Graveyard, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its original ATK in the Graveyard.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can destroy up to 3 other "Igknight" cards you control, then return an equal number of cards your opponent controls to the hand. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can add 1 face-up "Igknight" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.
During the Battle Phase, activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 monster on the field; it cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects during this Battle Phase. ● You take no battle damage during this Battle Phase.
Face-up Continuous Trap Cards cannot be destroyed, except "Imperial Custom". You can control only 1 "Imperial Custom".
Neither player can banish cards.
Negate all Spell effects on the field. Once per turn, during the Standby Phase, you must pay 700 LP (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed.
When a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated, while both a "Gravekeeper's" monster and "Necrovalley" are on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. You can only activate 1 "Imperial Tombs of Necrovalley" per turn.
When a card(s) you control is destroyed by a Spell effect (except during the Damage Step): Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard, when a card(s) you control is destroyed by a Spell effect (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, while you control a face-up Attack Position "Infernity" monster and have no cards in your hand: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
If you have no cards in your hand: Target 1 "Infernity" card in your Graveyard and 1 card your opponent controls; banish the first target, and if you do, destroy the second target.
Activate only when an "Infernity" monster is selected as an attack target while you have no cards in your hand. Destroy the attacking monster and Special Summon 1 "Infernity" monster from your Graveyard.
Discard up to 2 cards and send the same number of "Infernity" cards from your Deck to the Graveyard.
Activate only by discarding all the cards in your hand when an "Infernity" monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard. Select and Special Summon that monster from your Graveyard and inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
Once per turn: You can shuffle 1 "lswarm" monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field into the Main Deck; add 1 "lswarm" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Pay 500 Life Points to target 1 Level 4 or lower "Steelswarm" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it from the Graveyard.
Target 1 "lswarm" monster you control and 2 cards your opponent controls; banish the first target, and if you do, return the second targets to the hand.
Send 1 "Steelswarm" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard to target 1 face-up "Steelswarm" monster you control; it gains 800 ATK until the End Phase.
Return 1 face-up Tribute Summoned "Steelswarm" monster you control to the hand to target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy that target.
Level 3 or lower monsters are destroyed during the End Phase of the turn that they are Normal Summoned or Flip Summoned.
If you control no cards, you can activate this card from your hand. Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects (until the end of this turn), then, if this card was Set before activation and is on the field at resolution, for the rest of this turn all other Spell/Trap effects in this column are negated.
Activate this card by sending 1 face-up "Infinite Machine" from your Spell & Trap Zone to the GY. This face-up card cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Neither player can target "Timelord" monsters you control with card effects, or return "Timelord" monsters from the field to the Deck. Once per turn, if you control no monsters: You can Special Summon up to 1 "Timelord" monster each from your hand, Deck, and GY, with different names, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
Activate this card by sending 1 face-up "Empty Machine" from your Spell & Trap Zone to the GY. Once per turn, this face-up card cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. Once per turn, you can activate 1 of these effects.  ●During the Main Phase: Special Summon 1 "Timelord" monster from your hand.  ●You can target 1 "Timelord" monster in your GY; shuffle it into the Deck, then, you can Set 1 "Infinite Light" directly from your hand or Deck.
Activate during the turn a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control was destroyed. Special Summon up to 2 "Fortune Lady" monsters from your hand during your next Standby Phase.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 700 ATK until the end of this turn.
Activate only when a monster is Tribute Summoned with 1 Tribute. Take control of that monster.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; banish that target until the End Phase.
Select a monster you control and a monster with an A-Counter(s) your opponent controls. Switch control of those monsters.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. Once per turn, while the equipped monster is in Attack Position, it cannot be destroyed by battle. You take no battle damage from attacks involving it.
Activate only when your opponent has 5 or more cards in their hand. Your opponent discards 1 random card.
Switch the ATK and DEF of all face-up Effect Monsters on the field.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 face-up Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum, or Link Monster you control; this turn, the effects of monsters with the same card type as that banished monster (Ritual, Fusion, Synchro, Xyz, Pendulum, or Link) are negated.
Target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 1000 DEF, and cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects.
Target 1 face-up "Inzektor" monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK and DEF. When exactly 1 "Inzektor" monster you control is targeted by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; negate that effect.
Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand. Negate the activation of your opponent's Spell or Trap Card and destroy it.
All face-up monsters your opponent controls become Plant-Type during your turns only. If this face-up card you control is destroyed and sent to your Graveyard by an opponent's card effect: Draw 1 card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack on a monster you control: You can target 1 "Revival Jam" you control; switch the attack target to that target.
Target 5 cards in your GY, except "Jar of Avarice"; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only activate 1 "Jar of Avarice" per turn.
Draw 1 card.
When a monster declares an attack: Target 1 monster on the field; shuffle it into the Deck.
During the Battle Phase, when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "Battlin' Boxer" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When your opponent activates a Spell Card that would destroy a Spell/Trap Card(s) on the field: Discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then you can destroy 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, and if you do that, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's ATK on the field.
The Battle Position of face-up monsters that are flipped face-up after activation of this card cannot be changed, except with a card effect.
Pay half of your Life Points. Select and activate an appropriate effect which can be applied: ● If "Yu-Jo Friendship" is in your Graveyard, until the end of this turn: your opponent cannot Normal Summon, Set, Flip Summon, or Special Summon a monster(s) or activate an Effect Monster's effect. ● If "Unity" is in your Graveyard, until the end of this turn: negate the effects of all Spell and Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field, and your opponent cannot activate or Set Spell or Trap Cards.
Activate only when you Summon a Thunder-Type monster(s). Destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
If you control 2 or more Dinosaur monsters and your LP is lower than your opponent's: Destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, and if you do, take 1000 damage for each monster destroyed, then inflict damage to your opponent, equal to the damage you took. Until the end of the next turn after this card is activated, neither player can Normal or Special Summon.
If you control a Dinosaur-Type monster with 2500 or more ATK: Destroy all cards on the field.
Inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points for each monster on your opponent's side of the field.
Activate only when your opponent declares an attack against a face-up Normal Monster you control. Destroy all monsters on the field, except face-up Attack Position Normal Monsters.
Once per turn, if there are less than 3 Kaiju Counters on this card: You can target 1 "Kaiju" monster on the field; change it to face-down Defense Position, then place 1 Kaiju Counter on this card (max. 3). If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your Graveyard: You can draw 2 cards. You can only use this effect of "Kaiju Capture Mission" once per turn.
Target 1 "Karakuri" monster you control and 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; change the battle position of your monster, and if you do, negate the effects of that opponent's monster until the end of this turn. If you control a "Karakuri" monster: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; change its battle position. You can only activate 1 "Karakuri Cash Lodge" per turn.
Activate only if you control a "Karakuri" monster in face-up Defense Position. Negate the activation of an opponent's Spell/Trap Card and destroy it.
Activate only when a face-up Defense Position "Karakuri" monster is selected as an attack target. Destroy all face-up monsters your opponent controls.
Activate only when the battle position of a face-up "Karakuri" monster you control is changed. Select 1 card on the field, and destroy it.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; banish that target, then banish all cards with the same name as that monster from your opponent's Graveyard.
Once per turn, when a face-up FIRE monster(s) you control is destroyed by a card effect, place 1 counter on this card for each destroyed FIRE monster. During either player's Standby Phase: You can send this card to the Graveyard; inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each counter on this card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Tribute 1 "Hero Kid"; negate the attack, then add 1 "Elemental HERO" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If a "Red Dragon Archfiend" monster you control battles, during damage calculation: Make that monster you control unable to be destroyed by that battle, and if you do, Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Fiend-Type/Tuner/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.)
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: Negate the attack, then you can apply the rest of this card's effect. Banish 1 Tuner monster and any number of non-Tuner monsters from your Graveyard, whose total Levels equal 8 or less, and if you do, Special Summon from your Extra Deck 1 Synchro Monster whose Level equals the total Levels of those banished monsters. (This Special Summon is treated as a Synchro Summon.)
When your opponent's monster declares an attack on a Synchro Monster you control: Negate the attack, then you can apply the rest of this card's effect. Banish that Synchro Monster you control and 1 Tuner from your Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon from your Extra Deck 1 Synchro Monster whose Level equals the total Levels the banished monsters had. (This Special Summon is treated as a Synchro Summon.)
Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack if you have 2 or more "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your Graveyard. Destroy all face-up Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.
Inflict 1000 damage to the player who destroyed this Set card.
Target 1 "Kozmo" monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, banish 1 card your opponent controls or in their Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Kozmojo" per turn.
Monsters destroyed by battle with "Kozmo" monsters you control are shuffled into the Deck instead of going to the Graveyard. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; the first time you would take battle damage from a battle involving a "Kozmo" monster you control this turn, gain that much LP, instead.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack, if its ATK is greater than or equal to your LP: Special Summon this card in Attack Position as an Effect Monster (Warrior-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK ?/DEF 0) that has ATK equal to your LP, then change the attack target to this card. (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If this card Summoned this way is destroyed by battle, after damage calculation: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK.
Activate 1 or both of these effects (simultaneously). ● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; change that target to Defense Position. ● Target 1 face-up monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK.
Once per turn, during each player's End Phase: Change the battle positions of all face-up monsters the turn player controls.
Remove from play 1 Insect-Type monster from your Graveyard and select 1 monster your opponent controls. Destroy the selected monster.
When an attack is declared involving a "Battlin' Boxer" monster you control and an opponent's monster: Negate the attack, and if you do, send that monster you control to the Graveyard, then 1 "Battlin' Boxer" monster you control (in Attack Position, if you declared the attack) gains ATK equal to the original ATK of that opponent's monster, also proceed to damage calculation using those monsters. Then, you take damage equal to the amount of ATK gained from this effect.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack while you control an Attack Position monster(s): Change all monsters you control to Defense Position. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, return any face-up "Performapal" monster you control that is destroyed by battle or card effect to the hand instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack. You can select 1 "Ancient City - Rainbow Ruins" from your Deck and activate it. If your opponent had an active Field Spell Card when this card was activated, they can draw 1 card.
This card can only be activated during your opponent's turn when your Life Points are 1000 or less. Select 1 monster on your side of the field and send all other cards on the field and in their respective owner's hands to their respective Graveyards. After that, your opponent selects and Special Summons 1 monster from their Deck in face-up Attack Position and attacks your selected monster. (Any Battle Damage from this battle is treated as 0.) The player whose monster remains alone on the field at the End Phase of this turn wins the Duel. Any other case results in a DRAW.
Activate 1 of these effects: ● Draw 1 card. ● Activate only if your opponent controls a face-up Spirit monster. Draw 2 cards.
Select 1 monster in your hand and show it to your opponent, then roll a six-sided die. If the result is 1, send the selected monster to the Graveyard. If the result is 2-6, the Level of the selected monster becomes equal to the result until the end of this turn.
Change all face-up Level 3 or lower monsters to Attack Position.
Reduce the Level of 1 face-up monster you control by up to 2.
When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target 2 face-up monsters on the field; shuffle those targets into the Deck.
During your Standby Phase, gain Life Points equal to half of the total Life Points you paid during your last turn.
Activate this card when the difference between both players' Life Points is 8000 or more. Both players' Life Points become 3000.
When an opponent's card effect sends a card(s) from their Deck to the Graveyard, send the top 3 cards of their Deck to the Graveyard.
While this card is on the field, Monster Cards cannot be Set or flipped face-down. If a Monster Card would be Set, it must be Normal Summoned in face-up Defense Position.
If "The Sanctuary in the Sky" is on the field, you can activate this card by discarding 1 LIGHT monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Choose 1 card your opponent controls or 1 in their hand (you can look at their hand), and send it to the Graveyard.
Each time a card(s) is sent from your Deck to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Lightsworn" monster, remove from play the top card of your opponent's Deck.
Negate all LIGHT monster effects activated on the field or in the Graveyard.
Banish 1 random card from your opponent's hand, face-down. During your opponent's 4th Standby Phase after this card's activation, return that card to their hand.
When a "Lightsworn" monster you control is targeted for an attack: You can send the top 2 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard, then target the attacking monster; negate the attack.
Place this card on top of the Deck. If this card is sent from the Deck to the Graveyard by a "Lightsworn" monster's effect: You can add 1 "Judgment Dragon" from your Deck to your hand.
If you have any Cyberse Link Monsters in your GY: Place 1 counter on this card for each of those monsters, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Code Talker" monster from your Extra Deck, and equip it with this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the equipped monster. Once per turn, during your End Phase: Remove 1 counter from this card. If you cannot, destroy it. You can only activate "Limit Code" once per Duel.
Send 2 cards from your hand to the Graveyard. Special Summon 2 "Soul Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). These Tokens cannot be Tributed except for a Tribute Summon.
Target 1 monster with 1000 or less ATK in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Attack Position. If the target is changed to Defense Position, destroy it and this card. When this card leaves the field, destroy the target. When the target is destroyed, destroy this card.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Speed Warrior" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard.
Activate only during a turn in which you destroyed a Defense Position monster your opponent controlled. Select 1 Level 8 monster you control. During this turn, the selected monster can attack twice.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that would inflict damage to you: Negate the activation, and if you do, Special Summon 1 Link Monster from your GY.
If this card is activated: Place 4 counters on it. Each time you take battle damage, place 1 of these counters on this card. During your Main Phase 2: You can remove 1 of these counters from this card, then target 1 "Rokket" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated, also banish it when it leaves the field. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this effect, except DARK Link Monsters.
Shuffle all cards from your hand and Graveyard into the Deck.
While you control a "Valkyrie" monster, monsters your opponent controls with 2000 or less ATK cannot attack. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Level 5 or higher "Valkyrie" monster from your hand or Deck.
Activate only if the 1 and only monster on your side of the field is "Chu-Ske the Mouse Fighter", "Monk Fighter", or "Master Monk". That monster cannot be destroyed as a result of battle, and is unaffected by any of your opponent's monster effects.
This card's name becomes "Ring of Destruction" while on the field. Once per turn, if a monster(s) on the field is destroyed by a card effect (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it, and if you do, each player takes 500 damage.
Activate this card only if you currently control no Special Summoned monsters. While a monster is face-up on the field, negate its effects during the turn that monster was Special Summoned. If an Effect Monster(s) is Special Summoned in Attack Position: Change it to Defense Position.
If your opponent's LP is 4000 or higher, your LP becomes 1000 less than your opponent's. You can only activate 1 "Loss Time" per turn.
Target 1 face-up Special Summoned monster on the field; it has its effects negated, also its original ATK is halved. If a monster is Special Summoned from your opponent's Extra Deck, while this card is in the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): You can Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field.
Once per Chain, if a monster effect is activated that tosses a coin once: Call heads or tails. If your call matches the coin toss for that monster effect, draw 1 card immediately after that effect resolves.
Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can toss a coin 3 times. If the result is 3 heads, draw 3 cards, but if the result is 3 tails, destroy this card. If this face-up card on the field is destroyed: You lose 6000 Life Points.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and 1 face-up LIGHT monster you control gains ATK equal to that target's ATK, until your next End Phase.
If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Add up to 2 "Lunalight" monsters from your Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Lunalight Reincarnation Dance" per turn.
During your Main Phase: You can banish this card from your GY; send 1 card from your hand to the GY, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Lunalight" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "Lunalight Serenade Dance" once per turn. When a Fusion Monster(s) is Fusion Summoned to your field: You can target 1 of those monsters; apply the following effects.  ● Special Summon 1 "Lunalight Token" (Beast-Warrior/DARK/Level 4/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) to your opponent's field.  ● The targeted monster gains 500 ATK for each monster your opponent controls.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) You cannot Normal or Special Summon other monsters the turn you activate this card. Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can Tribute 1 Machine-Type monster; this card gains ATK equal to the ATK the Tributed monster had on the field, until the end of this turn.
When this card resolves: You can Special Summon 1 "Helios - The Primordial Sun" from your hand or Deck. While this card is face-up on the field, any card sent to the Graveyard is banished instead.
Target 1 "Madolche" monster in your Graveyard; shuffle that target into your Deck, and if you do, all "Madolche" monsters you currently control gain 800 ATK and DEF, then you can shuffle 1 other monster from your Graveyard into the Deck.
When a monster effect is activated, if you have no monsters in your Graveyard: Negate the activation, then if you control "Madolche Puddingcess", shuffle 1 random card from your opponent's hand into the Deck.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated, if you have no monsters in your Graveyard: Negate the activation, and if you do, return it to the hand, then, if you control a face-up "Madolche Puddingcess", you can destroy 1 card your opponent controls.
Each time a "Madolche" monster you control attacks or is attacked, after damage calculation: Inflict 300 damage to your opponent.
Special Summon any number of "Madolche" monsters from your hand, but shuffle them into the Deck during the End Phase.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK.
For the rest of this turn, negate all Equip, Field, Continuous and Quick-Play Spell Card effects on the field.
When your opponent activates a Spell Card: They can discard 1 Spell Card to negate this card's effect, otherwise negate the activation of their Spell Card, and if you do, destroy it.
When a Spell Card is activated: Discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
When your opponent declares an attack while you control a monster: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls, except the attacking monster; take control of that target until the end of the Battle Phase, and if you do, it is attacked instead, and you proceed to damage calculation.
Activate only while you have no cards in your hand. Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each Spell Card in your Graveyard.
During your opponent's Battle Phase: Choose 2 Spell/Trap Cards from your Deck and 1 monster you control. Special Summon them as Normal Monsters (ATK 0/DEF 0) in face-down Defense Position, Set the chosen monster if it is face-up, and shuffle them on the field. The 2 cards chosen from your Deck are destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase, and cannot remain on the field except during this Battle Phase.
You can only control 1 "Magical Musket - Crooked Crown". During the Main Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "Magical Musket" monster from your hand, and if you do, if your opponent's Main Monster Zone in that monster's current column is unused, that zone cannot be used until the end of this turn (even if this card leaves the field). You can only use this effect of "Magical Musket - Crooked Crown" once per turn.
If you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Target up to 3 cards in the GYs; banish them. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Dancing Needle" per turn.
If you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Desperado" per turn.
"Magical Musket" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If this card in your possession is sent to your GY by an opponent's card effect: You can add 1 "Magical Musket" card from your Deck or GY to your hand, except "Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal". You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Fiendish Deal" per turn.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card while you control a "Magical Musket" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only activate 1 "Magical Musket - Last Stand" per turn.
When your opponent's card(s) in their hand are discarded to the Graveyard, inflict 500 points of damage to their Life Points for each card that was discarded.
Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" from your hand, then Special Summon 1 Level 7 or lower DARK Spellcaster-Type monster from your Deck. If you control "Dark Magician", except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls; it has its effects negated until the end of this turn.
When a Spellcaster-Type monster declares an attack: Each player Special Summons 1 Spellcaster-Type monster with 2000 or less ATK from their Deck in Attack Position.
Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated: You can Tribute 1 "Dark Magician" or 1 "Dark Magician Girl"; Special Summon 1 "Dark Magician" or 1 "Dark Magician Girl" from your hand or GY with a different name from the Tributed monster, and if you do, negate the activated effect. If this face-up card in the Spell & Trap Zone is sent to the GY: You can destroy 1 card on the field.
While you control a Spellcaster-Type monster, any damage you take is halved. (You cannot halve the same damage twice this way.) If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can target 1 Spellcaster-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
Banish 4 "HERO" monsters from your GY and/or face-up field, then target 1 "HERO" monster in your GY; Special Summon it, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and if EARTH, WATER, FIRE, and WIND Attributes are all among the monsters you banished to activate this effect, double the Summoned monster's original ATK, and if you do that, negate the effects of all face-up cards your opponent currently controls. You can only activate 1 "Magistry Alchemist" per turn.
Target up to 3 Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monsters in your Graveyard; add them to your hand. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of your banished Level 4 or lower "Magnet Warrior" monsters; Special Summon it.
This turn, all monsters on the field whose original Types are Machine or Rock, are unaffected by your opponent's monster effects (except their own).
Target 1 "Majespecter" card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it.
While you have a "Majespecter" card in your Pendulum Zone, the activation and effects of other "Majespecter" cards activated on your side of the field cannot be negated. Once per turn: You can target 5 "Majespecter" cards in your Graveyard; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
When a monster(s) would be Special Summoned, or a monster effect is activated: Tribute 1 WIND Spellcaster-Type monster; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Tribute 1 WIND Spellcaster-Type monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.
You can activate this card when 1 or more of your monsters are returned from the field to your hand by your opponent's card effect. Return all Monster Cards on the field to your respective hands. Both you and your opponent then Special Summon from your hand the same number of Monster Cards on the field in face-down Defense Position.
Activate only if you control a face-up "Malefic" monster. Select 1 monster your opponent controls, and destroy it.
If a face-up "Malefic" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: Draw 2 cards. If a face-up "Malefic" monster(s) you control is destroyed, except by battle, while this card is in your GY: You can banish this card from your GY; add 1 "Malefic" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can only use each effect of "Malefic Tune" once per turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field.
Pay 500 Life Points. Negate the activation of a Trap Card and return it to its original position.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; discard cards equal to that monster's Level, and if you do, draw the same number of cards you discarded, then return that monster to the hand.
Banish any number of "Marincess" Link Monsters you control (until your next Standby Phase), then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains ATK equal to the total Link Rating of the Link Monsters banished to activate this card x 300, until the end of this turn. If you control a Link-3 or higher "Marincess" monster, you can activate this card from your hand.
When your "Marincess" Link Monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Link Rating of that monster you control x 400, then, if you control a Link-2 or higher "Marincess" monster and the opponent's destroyed monster is a Link Monster, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the destroyed monster's Link Rating x 500. If you control a Link-3 or higher "Marincess" monster, you can activate this card from your hand. You can only activate 1 "Marincess Current" per turn.
If a "Marincess" Link Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon 1 "Marincess" Link Monster from your Extra Deck with a lower Link Rating than that target (this is treated as a Link Summon), and if you do, it is unaffected by your opponent's card effects while you control it. You can only activate 1 "Marincess Snow" per turn.
If you control a "Marincess" Link Monster: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; negate its effects (until the end of this turn), then, if you control a Link-2 or higher "Marincess" monster, all face-up monsters you currently control are unaffected by your opponent's card effects until the end of this turn. If you control a Link-3 or higher "Marincess" monster, you can activate this card from your hand.
You cannot Special Summon monsters, except Machine-Type monsters. Once per turn: You can declare a Level from 5 to 9; all Level 5 or higher Machine-Type monsters you control become that Level. If a Machine-Type Xyz Monster(s) you control would be destroyed, you can send this card to the Graveyard instead. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force" from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
Neither player can Tribute cards.
Target 1 attacking monster; that target loses 700 ATK until the end of this turn.
Activate only while you control an "Alien" monster. Select and take control of up to 3 of your opponent's monsters that each have an A-Counter(s) on them. This card is destroyed during the End Phase of the turn it is activated.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK and DEF become double its current ATK and DEF, but it cannot attack directly.
Reveal the top card of both players' Decks, and if you do, and they are of the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap), each player adds their revealed card to their hand. Otherwise, each player banishes their revealed card.
All Cyberse monsters you control gain 500 ATK. If you control a "Mathmech" monster: You can send this face-up card from the field to the GY, then target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Mathmech Induction" once per turn.
Target up to 3 "Mathmech" monsters in your GY with different names, then activate 1 of these effects;  ● Special Summon them, but negate their effects (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 "Mathmech" Synchro Monster using only those monsters. These Synchro Materials are shuffled into the Deck instead of being sent to the GY.  ● Special Summon them, but negate their effects (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 "Mathmech" Xyz Monster using only those monsters.  You can only activate 1 "Mathmech Superfactorial" per turn.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 of your "Mayakashi" monsters that is banished or in your GY; Special Summon it. Your opponent cannot target it with card effects this turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck the turn you activate this card, except "Mayakashi" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Mayakashi Metamorphosis" per turn.
Target 1 "Megalith" monster in your GY; Special Summon it. Monsters Special Summoned by this effect, return to the bottom of the Deck when they leave the field. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Emersion" once per turn.
You can target 1 Level 4 or lower monster you control; its Level becomes double its original Level until the end of this turn. You can only use this effect of "Megalith Promotion" once per turn.
When a "Meklord" monster on the field is targeted for an attack: Target 1 "Meklord Army" monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand, then destroy the attack target.
Target 1 "Meklord" monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them.
Target 1 "Melodious" monster you control; this turn, that face-up monster you control is unaffected by your opponent's Spell/Trap effects, and it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase.
When a face-up Attack Position monster your opponent controls just activated an effect (except during the Damage Step): Negate that effect, and if you do, change that monster to face-up Defense Position.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You take damage equal to the attacking monster's ATK, and if you do, banish that monster. During the End Phase of your opponent's next turn, Special Summon that monster to your side of the field.
You can only activate this card when a Continuous Trap Card is activated. Negate all Continuous Trap Cards during the turn this card is activated.
Special Summon this card in Defense Position as an Effect Monster (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 10/ATK 0/DEF 3000). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) This card cannot attack.
Once per turn, if a Fusion Monster is Fusion Summoned: You can target 1 "Metalfoes" monster in your Graveyard with a lower Level than that Fusion Monster; Special Summon it. If this card is sent from the field to the Graveyard: You can add 1 "Metalfoes" monster from your Deck to your hand.
If a card(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Special Summon 1 "Metalfoes" monster from your Deck. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 face-up "Metalfoes" Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.
Activate this card by targeting any number of Level 4 Machine-Type monsters you control; Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 0), then equip those face-up monsters to this card. (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card gains ATK equal to the combined ATK of the monsters equipped to it by this effect, monsters your opponent controls cannot target monsters you control for attacks, except this one, also your opponent cannot target monsters you control with card effects, except this one.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; equip this card to that target. It gains 300 ATK and DEF. If it attacks, it gains ATK equal to half the ATK of the attack target, during damage calculation only.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 4 or higher monster you control; Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1000), then equip that face-up monster to this card. (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card gains ATK and DEF equal to the ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect, also if it attacks, change it to Defense Position at the end of the Damage Step.
Discard 1 "Metaphys" card; draw 1 card, then you can banish 1 "Metaphys" monster from your Deck. If this card is banished: You can add 1 "Metaphys" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Metaphys Ascension". You can only use 1 "Metaphys Ascension" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 of your banished "Metaphys" monsters; Special Summon it, but banish it during the End Phase of the next turn. If your other "Metaphys" card in its owner's possession is banished while this card is already face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone: You can target 1 card your opponent controls; banish it. You can only use each effect of "Metaphys Dimension" once per turn.
Take 1 Field Spell from your Deck, and either activate it or add it to your hand.
Activate by sending 2 cards from your hand to the Graveyard while your opponent has more than 3000 Life Points. Inflict 2000 damage to your opponent. If this card is in the Graveyard, you can add it to your hand instead of conducting your normal draw during your Draw Phase.
During this turn, when your monsters attack with an ATK that is higher than the DEF of your opponent's Defense Position monster, inflict the difference as Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Activate only when a monster is sent from the field to your Graveyard. Select and destroy 1 monster on the field. (You can activate this card during the Damage Step.)
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target's DEF becomes 0 until the end of this turn.
Declare 1 card name; if that card is in your opponent's hand, they must discard all copies of it, otherwise you discard 1 random card.
Activate this card by paying 1000 LP. Effects of monsters in the hand cannot be activated.
Pay 500 Life Points. Look at your opponent's hand and all Set cards on their side of the field.
When a monster would be Normal or Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Tribute 1 Psychic-Type monster; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent for each face-up "Mine Golem" on your side of the field. After that, destroy all face-up "Mine Golem"(s) on your side of the field.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster on the field with more than 1000 original ATK that has a Level; its Level is reduced by 1, also it loses 1000 ATK. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
You can only activate this card when your opponent's Life Points are 3000 or less. Inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points during each of his/her Standby Phases.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls; that target loses 400 ATK for each "Hero Kid" in your Graveyard, until the End Phase.
Target 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control; your opponent draws 1 card, also that monster gains 1000 ATK until the end of this turn, and if it does, it can attack up to 2 monsters during each Battle Phase this turn. If it attacks or is attacked this turn, your opponent takes no battle damage from that attack.
Remove 2 Spell Counters from your side of the field, then target 1 "Dark Magician" or "Buster Blader" in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Target 1 monster that was destroyed by battle and sent to your GY this turn; Special Summon it.
Select 1 of your Fairy-Type monsters that is removed from play and Special Summon it. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When the monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy all your opponent's Attack Position monsters.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase: You can discard 1 monster; add 1 "Mirror Force" from your Deck or GY to your hand. If this Set card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your GY: You can Set to your field both this card from your GY and 1 "Mirror Force" from your hand, Deck, or GY. They can be activated this turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack targeting a face-up "Elemental HERO" monster you control: Switch control of the opponent's attacking monster with the targeted monster you control, then calculate damage. Control of both monsters switches back during the End Phase.
When a face-up monster you control is targeted for an attack: Its ATK becomes equal to that of the attacking monster.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from their Main Deck: Destroy that monster(s), and if you do, draw 1 card.
Each of your opponent's monsters that conducted an attack while this card was face-up on the field has its ATK halved as long as this card remains on the field. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 2000 LP or destroy this card.
This turn, reduce the Levels of all monsters in each player's hand by 1 (even after they are Summoned/Set). You can banish this card from the Graveyard; this turn, reduce the Levels of all monsters in each player's hand by 1 (even after they are Summoned/Set).
Each face-up monster on the field loses 2 Levels, until the End Phase. You can remove from play this card from your Graveyard to select 1 face-up monster and reduce its Level by 1, until the End Phase. This effect cannot be activated the same turn this card is sent to the Graveyard.
Activate only when a Fusion Monster is Special Summoned. Return all face-up Fusion Monsters to their respective Extra Decks.
Neither player can add cards from their Deck to their hand except by drawing them.
All face-up "Laval" monsters you control gain 100 ATK for each "Laval" monster in your Graveyard.
If your opponent Special Summoned a monster this turn: Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your opponent's Graveyard; Special Summon it to your side of the field in Defense Position. When this card leaves the field, banish that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Activate this card by targeting 1 WIND Xyz Monster you control that has no Xyz Materials. While that monster is on the field, negate the effects of all face-up monsters on the field. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card. During the End Phase of the turn this card was activated: Attach this card to that monster as an Xyz Material.
Activate only when a face-up "Morphtronic" monster you control is selected as an attack target. Negate the attack, and change the battle position of the selected "Morphtronic" monster.
While you control a face-up "Morphtronic" monster, all Level 4 or higher monsters your opponent controls cannot attack or change their battle positions.
Negate the activation of a Spell or Trap Card that would destroy a face-up "Morphtronic" monster you control and destroy it. Add 1 "Morphtronic" card from your Deck to your hand.
If you control 2 or more face-up "Morphtronic" monsters, select 2 cards your opponent controls. Destroy 1 card of your opponent's choice from those 2.
When a "Morphtronic" monster is Summoned, you can change it to face-up Defense Position.
Activate only when your opponent declares a direct attack while you control no monsters. Negate the attack and Special Summon 1 "Morphtronic" monster from your hand.
Activate only when an effect of drawing card(s) is activated. Both players see the cards drawn by the effect and discard them all to the Graveyard.
If both players have 3 or more cards in their hand: Each player places their entire hand on the bottom of the Deck in any order, also you lose LP equal to the total number of cards returned to the Deck by this effect x 300 (min. 1), then each player draws 5 cards. You can only activate 1 "Multiple Destruction" per turn.
When your opponent activates a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect that destroys a card(s), while you control a face-up "Six Samurai" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
You can only activate this card when a Continuous Spell Card is activated. Negate all Continuous Spell Cards during the turn this card is activated.
Activate only when a Spell Card that targets 1 player is activated. The effect of that Spell Card is applied to the other player instead.
Each time an opponent's monster effect is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that effect resolves. You can send this card with 6 or more Spell Counters on it to the GY; add 1 Spell from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Mythical Bestiamorph" once per turn.
This card can only be activated when both players have 2 monsters or less on their respective sides of the field. Both players can only Normal Summon up to 2 additional monsters on their sides of the field.
Inflict 500 damage to your opponent each time a card(s) they control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by the effect of a "Cloudian" monster.
During this turn, any effect activated by your opponent that would inflict damage becomes an effect that inflicts damage to their Life Points.
If this card is sent to the Graveyard: Add 1 "Naturia" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Naturia Sacred Tree". You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Naturia Sacred Tree" per turn, and only once that turn. ● You can Tribute 1 EARTH Insect-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower EARTH Plant-Type monster from your Deck. ● You can Tribute 1 EARTH Plant-Type monster; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower EARTH Insect-Type monster from your Deck.
Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, by banishing Fusion Materials listed on it from your GY face-down, but it cannot attack this turn.
While a "Gravekeeper's" monster(s) and "Necrovalley" are both on the field, monsters your opponent controls lose 500 ATK/DEF. Once per turn, during the Main Phase, if you control no card in your Field Zone: You can activate 1 "Necrovalley" directly from your hand or GY. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's effect and sent to your GY: You can Set 1 "Necrovalley" Spell/Trap directly from your Deck, except "Necrovalley Temple".
When there are 4 or more monsters on the field: Destroy all face-up monsters.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Roll a six-sided die. Treat your opponent's Monster Card Zones as numbers 1-5, counting from your right, and destroy the monster that is in the same Monster Card Zone as the result. If the result is 6, roll again.
Send the top 5 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard.
Activate only if you control a face-up "Koa'ki Meiru" monster and have "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your Graveyard. Negate the activation of an Effect Monster's effect, and destroy it.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the Main Deck or GY: Banish it face-down.
Special Summon any number of "Neo-Spacian" monsters and/or "Elemental HERO Neos" with different names from your hand and/or GY in Defense Position, but their effects are negated. While any of those monsters are face-up on your field, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Fusion Monsters. You can only activate 1 "NEXT" per turn. If you control no cards, you can activate this card from your hand.
Select 1 face-up monster you control. Send 1 card from your Deck to the Graveyard with the same name as the selected card.
Tribute 1 monster; Special Summon 3 "Nightmare Archfiend Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 6/ATK 2000/DEF 2000) to your opponent's field in Attack Position. Each time 1 is destroyed, its controller takes 800 damage.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster your opponent controls; it cannot attack or change its battle position. When it leaves the field, destroy this card. During each of your Standby Phases: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent. That monster must be on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated, and you control a "Yang Zing" card: Negate the activation, and if you do, shuffle that card into the Deck, then destroy 1 other "Yang Zing" card you control.
Target 1 face-up "Ninja" monster you control; it cannot be destroyed by battle.
Tribute 1 "Ninja" monster; Special Summon any number of "Ninja" monsters from your Deck, in face-up Attack Position or face-down Defense Position, with combined Levels less than or equal to the Level of the Tributed monster. When this card leaves the field: Destroy those monsters.
Tribute 1 "Ninja" monster, then target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it to your field. It is also treated as a "Ninja" monster while this card is face-up on the field. When this card leaves the field, send that monster to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Ninjitsu Art of Mirage-Transformation" per turn.
Tribute 1 "Ninja" monster to target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish that target. While that card is banished, its Monster Card Zone cannot be used. When this face-up card leaves the field: Return the card banished by this effect to the same Monster Card Zone, in the same battle position.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Ninja" monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; send them to the Graveyard, then Special Summon 1 Dragon, Dinosaur, or Sea Serpent-Type monster from your Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the combined original Levels of the sent monster(s). When this card leaves the field, banish that monster.
Activate this card by Tributing 1 face-up "Ninja" monster; Special Summon 1 Beast, Winged Beast, or Insect-Type monster from your hand or Deck whose Level is less than or equal to the Level the Tributed monster had on the field +3. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster.
Discard 1 monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; it loses ATK equal to the discarded monster's original ATK.
Change all Attack Position monsters to Defense Position.
You can only activate this card during your Standby Phase. Discard 1 card from your hand. Your opponent cannot Normal Summon, Set and/or Special Summon during his/her next turn.
Neither player can Fusion Summon.
Target 1 face-up monster you control and 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; the ATK of the first target becomes equal to the original ATK of the second target, until the end of this turn.
Banish 1 "Aesir" or "Nordic" monster you control, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it, also during your 2nd End Phase after activation, return the monster you banished to activate this card to the field in face-up Attack Position.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field that destroyed a monster by battle this turn; destroy it. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.
Target 1 "Aesir" or "Nordic" monster you control; its ATK and DEF each become double its original ATK and DEF, until the end of this turn, but it cannot attack your opponent directly this turn.
Activate only if you control a "Number" monster. "Number" monsters on the field cannot be destroyed by card effects, and cannot be destroyed by battle except with another "Number" monster. When a "Number" monster you control is destroyed, destroy this card.
Target 1 "Number" Xyz Monster you control that has no Xyz Materials; attach 2 monsters from your hand to that face-up Xyz Monster, as Xyz Materials.
You can only activate this card when you take damage to your Life Points. Increase your Life Points by 1000 points. Also, increase your Life Points by 500 points for each "Numinous Healer" card in your Graveyard.
This card can only be activated during your opponent's Damage Step. During this turn, if you take Battle Damage of 2000 points or more, increase your Life Points by 4000 points before the damage is subtracted from your Life Points.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. It becomes Wyrm-Type. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
If you control no monsters that were Special Summoned from the Extra Deck: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that was Special Summoned from the Extra Deck; take control of it until the End Phase. You cannot Special Summon during the turn you activate this card.
You can target 1 monster on the field; send 1 "Forbidden One" monster or "Exodia" card from your hand or Deck to the Graveyard, and if you do, return that target to the hand. If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Forbidden One" monster or "Exodia" card in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only use 1 "Obliterate!!!" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Once per turn, during each player's Standby Phase: You can target 1 "Aesir" monster you control; negate its effects until the end of this turn, and if you do, look at all cards in your opponent's hand and all Set cards they control. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation.
When your opponent's monster declares a direct attack while you have 3000 or less LP: Negate the attack, and if you do, Special Summon 2 "Ceremonial Tokens" (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0), and if you do that, add 1 "Earthbound Immortal" card, "Earthbound Revival", or "Roar of the Earthbound" from your Deck to your hand. "Ceremonial Tokens" cannot be Tributed, except for a Tribute Summon of an "Earthbound Immortal" monster, and cannot be used as Synchro Material.
Target 1 face-up Reptile-Type monster you control and 2 cards your opponent controls; destroy all three targets.
When an Effect Monster's effect activates: Shuffle 1 of your banished Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monsters into the Main Deck; negate the activation and destroy it.
Tribute 2 or more Tokens with the same Level, then target monsters in your Graveyard with that same Level, up to the number of Tokens Tributed; Special Summon those targets. Their effects are negated. Destroy them during the End Phase.
Special Summon 2 "Ojama Tokens" (Beast/LIGHT/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 1000) to your opponent's field in Defense Position. These Tokens cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, and each time 1 is destroyed, its controller takes 300 damage. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 2 "Ojama" monsters with different names from your Deck.
If an "Armed Dragon" monster(s) and/or a LIGHT Machine Fusion Monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish 1 "Ojama" card from your hand, face-up field, or GY instead. You can only use each of the following effects of "Ojama Pajama" once per turn.  ● During the Main Phase: You can add 1 "Ojama" card from your Deck to your hand, then discard 1 card.  ● If this card is sent to the GY: You can Special Summon as many of your banished "Ojama" monsters as possible.
Special Summon 3 "Ojama Tokens" (Beast-Type/LIGHT/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 1000) to your opponent's field in Defense Position. They cannot be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, and each time 1 is destroyed, its controller takes 300 damage.
Target any number of your banished "Invoked" monsters with different names; Special Summon them in Defense Position.
During your Standby Phase, select 1 random card from your opponent's hand. Call the type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap). If you call it right, inflict 700 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points. You can use this effect once per turn.
Once per turn, during your Standby Phase: Your opponent declares 1 card type (Monster, Spell, or Trap). Excavate the top card of your Deck, then if it is that type of card, your opponent draws 1 card. Otherwise, discard 1 random card from their hand. Place the excavated card on the bottom of your Deck.
Target 1 card you control; destroy it.
Activate only when a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard. Gain Life Points equal to the original ATK of the destroyed monster.
Send 1 "Alien" monster from your side of the field to the Graveyard to activate this card. Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card on the field.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control an "Orcust" Link Monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card. You can banish this card from your GY; add to your hand 1 of your DARK Machine monsters that is banished or in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this effect, except DARK Machine monsters. You can only use 1 "Orcust Crescendo" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When a monster declares an attack: Tribute 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" monster, then target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 monster from your field or GY, then target 1 "Orcust" or "World Legacy" card you control, except "Orcustrated Core"; neither player can target it with card effects this turn (even if this card leaves the field). If other "Orcust" and/or "World Legacy" card(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can send this card to the GY instead.
Tribute 2 Machine monsters, then target 1 monster in your GY, or up to 2 instead if your opponent controls a Link Monster; Special Summon them. You can only activate 1 "Orcustrated Release" per turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Your opponent chooses 1 random card in your hand and calls the type of the card (Monster, Spell, or Trap), and if they call it wrong, return the attacking monster to the hand.
Select 1 face-up Level 2 or lower Normal Monster (except a Token) on your side of the field when you activate this card. When this card resolves, you can Tribute the selected Normal Monster and destroy 1 or 2 Spell or Trap Cards on your opponent's side of the field.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster: Banish all face-up Level 2 or lower monsters on the field.
Pay 500 Life Points. Special Summon from both player's Graveyards as many Normal Monsters as possible with 1000 or less ATK that were destroyed by battle this turn.
If a Plant-Type monster(s) is Special Summoned from the Graveyard to your side of the field: It gains 1000 ATK while this card is face-up on the field. Destroy this card during your 2nd End Phase after activation.
Activate only while you control a face-up Level 7 or higher monster that was Tribute Summoned. Negate the activation of a Trap Card or Effect Monster's effect and destroy that card.
Target 1 face-up "Wind-Up" monster you control; its ATK and DEF are doubled, and it returns to the hand during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Overwind" per turn.
Destroy each monster whose ATK is higher than its original ATK.
During the Main Phase 2: Special Summon any number of Level 2 or lower monsters with different names from your hand, Deck, and/or GY to your zones a Link Monster(s) points to. You can only activate 1 "Packet Link" per turn.
Tribute 1 monster; add 1 monster with the same original Type, Attribute, and Level, but with a different original name, from your Deck or Graveyard to your hand.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; change it to face-down Defense Position. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
Target 1 face-up card on the field; discard 1 card, and if you do, banish it. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK and DEF until the end of this turn. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; its ATK and DEF become half its current ATK and DEF until the end of this turn. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
Target 1 banished card; return it to the GY. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
Send 1 Trap from your Deck to the GY. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your GY: You can Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
Target 1 Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
Discard 1 "Paleozoic" card, then draw 2 cards. Once per Chain, when a Trap Card is activated while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Aqua-Type/WATER/Level 2/ATK 1200/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card is unaffected by monster effects, also banish it when it leaves the field.
When a monster(s) would be Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Banish 1 face-up Fusion Monster you control; negate the Special Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card, also during your 2nd End Phase, return the banished Fusion Monster to your field in face-up Attack Position.
Target 1 Link Monster you control; equip it with this card. Your opponent cannot target the equipped monster with card effects, also it cannot be destroyed by battle. You can banish this card and 2 Link Monsters from your GY, then target 1 Link Monster you control; it can make a second attack during each Battle Phase this turn.
Activate only when a Synchro Monster you control is destroyed by your opponent (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to the Graveyard. Select 1 of your removed from play Spell Cards and add it to your hand.
Return 1 "Gladiator Beast" card from your hand to the Deck, and negate the activation and effect of a Trap Card, and destroy it.
At the end of the Battle Phase: It becomes the End Phase of this turn.
If you control a face-up Psychic-Type monster: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; banish it. During the next Standby Phase, it returns to the opponent's side of the field in the same Battle Position.
Send 1 monster from your Deck to the GY, but for the rest of this turn, you cannot activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name the sent monster had in the GY. You can only activate 1 "Peaceful Burial" per turn.
When your opponent has 4 cards in their hand: Activate 1 of these effects. ● Your opponent cannot draw during their next Draw Phase. ● Your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards this turn.
If all monsters you control are Pendulum Monsters (min. 1): Target 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones; destroy both cards, and if you do, neither player can Special Summon for the rest of this turn, except by Pendulum Summon.
If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones: Target 2 monsters in your Graveyard, each with a Level between (exclusive) the Pendulum Scales of the cards in your Pendulum Zones; add them to your hand.
When you Special Summon a monster of the following types using a Pendulum Monster(s) as material while this card is in the Spell & Trap Zone: You can activate the appropriate effect, but you cannot apply the same effect of “Pendulum Dimension” again this turn.  ● Fusion: Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck in Defense Position with the same original Level as that Fusion Monster, but negate its effects.  ● Synchro: Add 1 “Polymerization” from your Deck to your hand.  ● Xyz: Take 1 Tuner from your Deck whose Level is lower than or equal to that Xyz Monster’s Rank, and either add it to your hand or Special Summon it.
When a monster(s) would be Pendulum Summoned: Negate the Pendulum Summon, and if you do, shuffle that monster(s) into the Deck.
Special Summon 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck, or 1 Pendulum Monster from your Graveyard.
You can target 1 card in your Pendulum Zone; Special Summon it. You can target 1 Pendulum Monster in your Monster Zone; place it in your Pendulum Zone. You can only use 1 "Pendulum Switch" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: Target that attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, add up to 2 "Performapal" monsters from your Deck to your hand, whose total DEF is less than or equal to the ATK of the targeted monster. Until the end of your next turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck.
Once per turn, when an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can negate the attack, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Performapal" monster from your Deck, but its effects are negated. When an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: You can send this card to the Graveyard; you take no battle damage from that battle.
If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: Special Summon 1 "Performapal" monster from your hand or Graveyard.
Target any number of face-up monsters your opponent controls, up to the number of face-up Spell Cards you control; change those monsters to face-down Defense Position.
Once per turn: You can shuffle 1 other "Altergeist" card from your hand or face-up from your field into the Main Deck; add 1 "Altergeist" monster from your Deck to your hand.
Target 1 "Phantasm Spiral Dragon" you control; if it destroys 3 of your opponent's Effect Monsters by battle while it is equipped with 3 or more "Phantasm Spiral" Equip Spell Cards with different names, you win the Duel. If "Umi" is on the field, you can activate this card from your hand. If a Normal Monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead.
If all monsters you control are Normal Monsters (min. 1): Target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. If "Umi" is on the field, you can activate this card from your hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Normal Monster you control; equip all appropriate "Phantasm Spiral" Equip Spell Cards you control to that Normal Monster.
If all monsters you control are Normal Monsters (min. 1): Target 1 Effect Monster your opponent controls; until the end of this turn, it loses 1000 ATK and DEF, also it has its effects negated. If "Umi" is on the field, you can activate this card from your hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Normal Monster you control; equip 1 "Phantasm Spiral" Equip Spell Card from your hand or Graveyard to that Normal Monster.
Once per turn, if you control a face-up "Infernity" monster(s), you can remove from play all cards in your hand (face-down) until your next Standby Phase.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Effect Monster on the field; negate that face-up monster's effects, that face-up monster cannot attack, also monsters cannot target that face-up monster for attacks. When it leaves the field, destroy this card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Phantom Knights' Fog Blade" once per turn.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 800 ATK, also if that target would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can destroy this card instead. When it leaves the field, destroy this card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Phantom Knights' Sword" once per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK, also the first time that target would be destroyed by battle or card effect this turn, it is not destroyed. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Phantom Knights' Wing" once per turn.
After activation, put this card face-up in your Deck and shuffle it. When you draw this card, send it to the Graveyard and add 1 card in your Graveyard (except this card) to your hand.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 card your opponent controls; place that target on the top of the Deck.
Send this card to the GY during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation. You can send 1 face-up "Photon" or "Galaxy" monster you control to the GY, then activate 1 of these effects. If you sent "Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon" to the GY, you can activate both effects and resolve in sequence.  ● Special Summon 1 "Photon" monster from your Deck with a different original name from that monster's.  ● Add 1 "Photon" card from your Deck to your hand, except "Photon Change".  You can only use this effect of "Photon Change" once per turn.
When a face-up LIGHT Dragon-Type monster you control is targeted for an attack: The attack target gains ATK equal to the attacking monster's ATK, until the end of the Damage Step.
During your opponent's turn: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 "Mirage Token" with the same Level, Type, Attribute, ATK, and DEF as that target. Destroy this Token during the End Phase.
Damage to you from card effects becomes 0 until the end of this turn.
Until your opponent's second End Phase, your opponent shows you all the cards that they draw before adding them to their hand.
When you Normal Summon a monster, if your opponent controls more monsters than you do: Destroy your opponent's monsters so that your opponent controls the same number of monsters as you (your opponent chooses which of their monsters are destroyed).
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. It cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn.
Activate this card by placing 3 Spell Counters on it. Once per turn, during your turn: You can target 1 other face-up card on the field that you can place a Spell Counter on; remove 1 Spell Counter from this card, and if you do, place 1 Spell Counter on that target. When the last Spell Counter(s) is removed from this card, destroy it.
While you control 2 or more face-up Attack Position monsters, your opponent cannot target your monster(s) with the lowest ATK for an attack.
Apply these effects until the end of this turn. ●Rank 3 or lower Xyz Monsters gain 500 ATK and DEF. ●Rank 4 or higher Xyz Monsters cannot attack.
Tribute 1 "Alien" monster. Destroy all face-up monsters without A-Counters your opponent controls. Until the end of your opponent's 3rd turn after this card's activation, place 1 A-Counter on each monster they Summon.
Target 1 Plant-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK. If this card is destroyed by a card effect while equipped: You can target 1 Plant-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
The face-up monster(s) with the highest ATK on the field is unaffected by the effects of Spell Cards. When "Pole Position" is removed from the field, destroy the face-up monster(s) with the highest ATK on the field.
When a monster would be Normal or Special Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Tribute 1 Plant-Type monster; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Select 2 "Batteryman" monsters from your Graveyard and Special Summon them in Attack Position. When this card is removed from the field, destroy those monsters. When both of those monsters have been removed from the field, destroy this card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, and if you do, inflict 800 damage to your opponent for each face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control.
Activate only while you control a face-up "Power Tool Dragon". Select up to 3 Equip Cards on your side of the field and/or in your Graveyard and return them to the Deck, and inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each card returned.
When a face-up monster you control is targeted for an attack by a monster with a higher ATK: Target the attack target; negate that attack, and if you do, equip this card to that target. The equipped monster gains ATK equal to the difference between its ATK and the ATK of its attacker when this card resolves.
During damage calculation, when you would take battle damage from an opponent's attacking monster: Send 1 card from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard for every 500 damage (round up) you are about to take, also you take no battle damage from that battle.
After activation, treat this card as an Equip Card and equip it to 1 face-up "Morphtronic" monster you control. The equipped monster cannot declare an attack. Then, select 1 face-up monster on the field, except the equipped monster. It gains ATK equal to the ATK of the equipped monster.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Level 4 or lower monster in your GY; Special Summon that target. Increase its Level by 1 and ATK and DEF by 100. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 2000), then you can equip 1 Level 4 Machine "Gadget" monster from your hand or Deck to this card. (This card is also still a Trap.) If Summoned this way, this card gains ATK equal to double the ATK of the monster equipped to it by this effect.
Each time a monster effect is activated, place 1 Spellstone Counter on this card (max. 2). While this card has 2 Spellstone Counters, face-up monsters on the field cannot activate their effects, and their effects are negated. During each End Phase, remove all Spellstone Counters on this card.
During the Main Phase: You can activate this effect; immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 "Prank-Kids" Link Monster using "Prank-Kids" monsters you control as material. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your GY; shuffle any number of "Prank-Kids" cards from your GY into the Deck, and if you do, that attacking monster loses 100 ATK for each card shuffled, until the end of this turn. You can only use each effect of "Prank-Kids Plan" once per turn.
If a monster with a Predator Counter leaves the field while this card is face-up on the field: Add 1 "Predap" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Predaplanet" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Fusion Summon 1 Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. Only "Predaplant" monsters can be used as Fusion Materials for a Fusion Summon using this effect.
Send 1 "Predaplant" monster from your Deck to the GY; place 1 Predator Counter on each face-up monster on the field, and if you do, any of those monsters that are Level 2 or higher become Level 1 as long as they have a Predator Counter. If you Fusion Summon a DARK monster while this card is in your GY: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "Predaplanning" once per turn.
Banish 1 card from your hand, then target 1 of your banished monsters; Special Summon it in face-down Defense Position.
Each time your opponent declares an attack on a face-up Defense Position monster, toss a coin and call it. If you call it right, change the targeted face-up Defense Position monster to Attack Position. If you call it wrong, the controller of this card takes damage equal to the difference between the ATK of the attacking monster, and DEF of the attacked monster.
Your opponent discards their entire hand, then draws 5 cards. You can only activate 1 "Present Card" per turn.
During damage calculation, if your monster battles an opponent's monster with a higher ATK: Pay Life Points equal to the difference in ATK; your monster gains ATK equal to that difference +300, during damage calculation only.
Send 1 "Destruction Sword" card and 1 "Buster Blader" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard, except "Prologue of the Destruction Swordsman"; Special Summon 1 "Buster Dragon" from your Extra Deck or Graveyard, but destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; "Destruction Sword" cards you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. You can only activate 1 "Prologue of the Destruction Swordsman" per turn.
Activate only while you control a face-up Level 7 or higher monster. Destroy all face-up Level 5 or lower monsters your opponent controls. Monsters you control cannot attack this turn.
Once per turn, if an activated card effect tosses coins, immediately after it resolves, apply the following effect(s), depending on the number of heads.  ● 1+: Inflict 500 damage to your opponent.  ● 2+: Destroy 1 card your opponent controls.  ● 3+: Look at your opponent's hand and discard 1 card from their hand.  When an effect is activated that tosses a coin 2 or more times: You can banish this card from the GY; treat all results as heads.
When a Psychic-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster and sent to the Graveyard: Target the opponent's monster; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the Level of your destroyed Psychic-Type monster x 300.
Once per turn: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 "PSY-Frame" monster you control; banish it until your next Standby Phase. Once per turn, if another face-up "PSY-Frame" card you control leaves the field (except during the Damage Step): You can Special Summon 1 "PSY-Frame" monster from your hand.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 "PSY-Frame" monster from your hand or face-up from your side of the field, then target 1 card on the field; banish it face-down. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "PSY-Frame" card from your Deck to your hand, except "PSY-Frame Overload".
Target 3 Psychic-Type monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into the Deck, then draw 2 cards.
If you control a Psychic-Type monster: Apply this effect to all Psychic-Type monsters you currently control, for the rest of this turn. When a Psychic-Type monster you control battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: Banish that Psychic-Type monster, also banish that opponent's monster.
Gain 1000 Life Points for each face-up Psychic-Type monster you control.
Activate only when your opponent activates a Trap Card. Discard 1 Spell/Trap Card to Special Summon 1 Level 6 DARK Machine-Type monster from your Deck.
Tribute 1 Psychic-Type monster you control. Gain Life Points equal to the Level of the Tributed monster × 300.
Activate only while your Life Points are lower than your opponent's. Select 2 Psychic-Type monsters in your Graveyard. Remove them from play and draw 2 cards.
Select 1 Psychic-Type monster in your Graveyard and Special Summon it in Attack Position. It is treated as a Tuner monster. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is removed from the field, destroy this card. When this card is sent to the Graveyard, take damage equal to that monster's Level x 400.
Negate the activation and effect of an Effect Monster whose effect activated when a monster was Normal Summoned (even itself), and destroy that Effect Monster.
If you control a Machine monster: Change your opponent's Attack Position monsters (if any) to Defense Position, also, until the end of this turn, if a monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your opponent's field, change them to Defense Position.
When your opponent's monster declares an attack while they control 2 or more monsters: Target the attacking monster; negate that attack, and if you do, send 1 other monster they control to the Graveyard, then the targeted monster loses ATK equal to the original ATK or DEF (whichever is higher, your choice if tied) of the sent monster in the Graveyard.
If your opponent controls more monsters than you do, Special Summon "Gimmick Puppet" monsters with different names from your Deck up to the difference, then, if your opponent's LP is at least 2000 higher than yours, you can Set 1 "Rank-Up-Magic" Normal Spell directly from your Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Gimmick Puppet" monsters. You can only activate 1 "Puppet Parade" per turn.
Tribute 1 Xyz Monster; during the End Phase, Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number" monster with the same Type, but 1 Rank lower, as the Tributed monster had when it was on the field.
Target 1 "Shaddoll" monster you control; send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your hand to the Graveyard, and if you do, the targeted monster gains 1000 ATK and DEF, but is changed to face-down Defense Position during the End Phase.
If exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards) is destroyed by a card effect: Target that monster; Special Summon that target.
If this face-up card is removed from your side of the field, destroy "Andro Sphinx" and "Sphinx Teleia" on your side of the field and remove them from play.
Move the turn count forward by 1 turn. The turn in which this card is activated continues as normal.
Send, from your hand or your side of the field to the Graveyard, the Fusion Material Monsters that are listed on a "Gem-Knight" Fusion Monster Card, then Special Summon that Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This Special Summon is treated as a Fusion Summon.)
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1000). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) During the turn this card was Summoned this way, "Qli" Spell/Trap Cards you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. If Summoned this way, this card can be treated as 3 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of an "Apoqliphort" monster.
Add up to 3 face-up "Qli" Pendulum Monster Cards from your Extra Deck to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Qlimate Change" per turn.
Until the end of this turn, all Normal Summoned/Set "Qli" monsters currently on the field gain 300 ATK, but are unaffected by other Spell/Trap effects, also their effects are negated.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Change all your opponent's Attack Position monsters to face-down Defense Position. Monsters changed to face-down Defense Position by this effect cannot change their battle positions.
Activate this card by declaring 1 Monster Type and 1 Attribute; Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 2200) with that Type and Attribute. (This card is also still a Trap Card.)
Activate only when an "Amazoness" monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Amazoness" monster from your Deck.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack while they control 3 or more Attack Position monsters: Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.
Activate only when a "Cloudian" monster(s) you control is destroyed by its own effect and sent to the Graveyard. Special Summon 1 of those monsters from your Graveyard in Attack Position and place 1 Fog Counter on it. It cannot be changed to Defense Position by a card effect.
This turn, "Raidraptor" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. If you have a "Raidraptor" monster in your Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; you take no damage this turn.
If a "Raidraptor" monster you control is destroyed by battle: Target 1 "Raidraptor" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. If a face-up "Raidraptor" monster(s) you control is destroyed by card effect: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "Raidraptor" card from your Deck to your hand. You can only use this effect of "Raidraptor - Return" once per turn.
Target 1 "Raidraptor" monster you control; Special Summon 1 monster with the same name from your Deck, and if you do, as long as you control the face-up Special Summoned monster, monsters your opponent controls cannot target the targeted monster for attacks, also your opponent cannot target the targeted monster with card effects.
Each time a monster you control declares an attack, place 1 Thunder Counter on this card. You can send this card with 4 or more Thunder Counters to the Graveyard; destroy all monsters your opponent controls.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
Select 1 "Cloudian" monster you control. Reduce that monster's ATK by 1000 or 2000 and apply the appropriate effect: ● 1000 points: Destroy 1 Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls. ● 2000 points: Destroy 2 cards your opponent controls.
If you have 7 "Crystal Beast" cards with different names on the field or in your Graveyard: Special Summon 1 "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" from your Deck or Graveyard, ignoring the Summoning conditions.
Discard 1 card. Until the end of this turn, whenever you would take damage you gain that amount of Life Points instead.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Send 1 "Crystal Beast" card from your Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard to target the attacking monster; negate the attack, then you can add 1 "Rainbow Dragon" or "Rainbow Dark Dragon" from your Deck to your hand.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated while you control a "Raidraptor" card: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Machine-Type monster on the field; it gains 500 ATK. Once, negate a Spell effect that targets that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Add 2 LIGHT monsters from your Graveyard to your Deck and shuffle it.
Target 1 "Speedroid" Tuner monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but its effects are negated, also roll a six-sided die, and its Level becomes the result until the end of this turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 WIND Synchro Monster, using monsters you control including a "Speedroid" Tuner monster.
If a monster is Normal or Flip Summoned, and it is a Level 4 or lower monster: Negate its effects until the end of this turn. If a monster(s) is Special Summoned, and it is a Level 5 or higher monster: Negate its effects until the end of this turn, also banish it when it leaves the field. If there is no "Qli" card on the field, except "Re-qliate", send this card to the Graveyard.
Target 1 Warrior or Spellcaster-Type monster on the field; change that target to face-down Defense Position.
Destroy all monsters equipped with an Equip Card(s).
Activate only when your opponent's monster declares a direct attack. Select 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard with a Level less than or equal to the attacking monster's. The Battle Damage you take from that attack is halved. At the end of the Damage Step, Special Summon the selected Synchro Monster from the Graveyard.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: Reveal 1 Counter Trap in your hand, then discard 1 card and pay 1000 LP; negate the activation, and if you do, shuffle that card into the Deck. Then, you can Special Summon 1 "Parshath" monster from your Deck or Extra Deck.
When your opponent activates a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect that returns a card(s) from the field to the hand: Negate that effect, and if you do, send 1 card from your opponent's hand (at random) or from their side of the field to the Graveyard. When this Set card is destroyed by your opponent's card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Draw 1 card.
When your opponent activates a monster effect: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, also your opponent draws 1 card.
Draw 2 cards and skip your next 2 Draw Phases.
Reveal 1 "Iron Core of Koa'ki Meiru" in your hand. Destroy all face-down Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
Target 1 Link-3 Cyberse Link Monster you control or is in your GY; banish it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Code Talker" monster from your Extra Deck. If you control no monsters in the Extra Monster Zone: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 of your banished "Code Talker" monsters; Special Summon it.
If a Dragon-Type Synchro Monster is on the field: Target up to 2 "Resonator" monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them.
Target 1 Dragon-Type Synchro Monster you control; equip this card to it. While it is battling an opponent's monster, until the end of the Damage Step, negate the effects of all face-up monsters your opponent controls. During the End Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard because it was sent there this turn: You can target 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
When your opponent activates a Trap Card: Negate the activation, and if you do, Set that card face-down, then they can Set 1 other Trap directly from their Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, your opponent cannot activate Trap Cards. You can activate this card from your hand by paying half your LP.
Your opponent's monsters cannot declare attacks. During each of your End Phases, you must pay 1000 LP (this is not optional), or this card is destroyed. You can target 1 Level 1 Tuner monster in your Graveyard; destroy this card, and if you do, Special Summon that target. "Red Dragon Archfiend" must be on the field to activate and to resolve this effect.
Banish 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" Synchro Monster from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Red Dragon Archfiend" Synchro Monster you control; its name becomes the banished monster's original name, and replace its effects with the banished monster's original effects.
If a face-up "Red-Eyes" monster(s) you control, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick", is destroyed by battle or card effect: Target 1 of those monsters; both players take damage equal to its original ATK. You can only activate 1 "Red-Eyes Burn" per turn.
Target 1 "Red-Eyes" monster you control; equip this card to it. It can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. You can send this Equip Card to the GY, then target 1 Effect Monster on the field; equip that target to the monster this card was equipped to, and if you do, while a monster is equipped to it by this effect, its ATK/DEF become equal to the original ATK/DEF of that equipped monster.
Target 1 "Red-Eyes" monster in your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick"; Special Summon it.
When a monster you control is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Target that monster; Special Summon it in face-up Defense Position, but it is destroyed during your End Phase.
Special Summon 1 Level 2 or lower Warrior-Type monster from your Deck. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase the turn you activate this card.
Each face-up Xyz Monster you control gains 300 ATK for each Xyz Material attached to it, until the End Phase.
Target face-up monster gains 500 ATK until the End Phase.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: End the Battle Phase, then you can Special Summon 1 Tuner and 1 Synchro Monster from your Graveyard, but they have their effects negated.
Special Summon 1 monster from your hand. While it is face-up on your side of the field, you take no damage. When it leaves the field, your opponent wins the Duel.
Select 1 of your removed from play Rock-Type monsters and Special Summon it. When this card is removed from the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Tribute 1 "Utopia" monster; destroy all Set Spell and Trap Cards your opponent controls.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target 1 monster you control; return that target to the hand, then Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your hand.
Target 1 monster in your opponent's GY; Special Summon it in an opponent's Main Monster Zone your Link Monster points to.
Activate only when a monster you control is targeted by a Spell, Trap, or Effect Monster's effect that destroys 1 monster on the field. Switch the target to an appropriate monster your opponent controls.
The control of all monsters on the field returns to the owners.
When this card is activated: Banish 1 Ritual Monster from your Deck. You can only use the following effect of “Renewal of the World” once per turn. You can send this card to the GY, then activate 1 of these effects;  • Ritual Summon the Ritual Monster banished by this card's effect, by Tributing 1 monster from your hand whose Level equals or exceeds that banished monster's OR by shuffling into the Deck, 1 Ritual Monster from your GY whose Level equals or exceeds that banished monster's.  • Add the monster banished by this card’s effect to your hand.
During their respective turns, each player must show their opponent their hand.
All Xyz Monsters you control gain 800 ATK. Once per turn: You can discard 1 Spell, then target 1 Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 "Number C" or "CXyz" monster with the same Type as that target but 1 Rank higher, by using that target as material, but if you discarded a card other than a "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell, return the Summoned monster to the Extra Deck during the End Phase. (This is treated as an Xyz Summon. Transfer its materials to the Summoned monster.)
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card with the same name as one in your Graveyard: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. Then you can add 1 card with that name from your Graveyard to your hand.
When your opponent adds a card(s) from the Graveyard to their hand: They must shuffle 1 of those cards into their Deck.
Pay half your Life Points; Special Summon as many of your banished monsters as possible. During the End Phase, banish all monsters that were Special Summoned by this effect.
If you control a "Red-Eyes" monster, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick": You can target 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. If this card in your possession is destroyed by an opponent's card effect and sent to your Graveyard: You can target 1 "Red-Eyes" monster in your Graveyard, except "Red-Eyes B. Chick"; Special Summon it. You can only use each effect of "Return of the Red-Eyes" once per turn.
Target 1 "Six Samurai" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. Destroy it during the End Phase of this turn.
Banish 1 Zombie monster on the field, then Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from the GY of the player who controlled it, to their field, in Defense Position. If this card is in your GY: You can shuffle 1 of your banished Zombie monsters into the Deck, and if you do, Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use each effect of "Return of the Zombies" once per turn.
Activate only during the End Phase. You can return up to 3 monsters destroyed this turn from the Graveyard to their owners' Decks.
Select 1 "Arcana Force" monster you control. That monster's effect is now treated as the opposite coin toss result.
Halve the ATK of all face-up monsters currently on the field, until the End Phase.
Target up to 2 Flip monsters in your Graveyard; Special Summon them to your opponent's side of the field, in face-up or face-down Defense Position.
Until the End Phase, all effects that add or subtract ATK or DEF are reversed. (Additions now subtract, and subtractions now add, instead. Multiplications and divisions, including halving/doubling, are not affected.)
Select 1 Tuner monster from your Graveyard and Special Summon it. Its effects are negated. Special Summon 2 "Gift Fiend Tokens" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 3/ATK 1500/DEF 1500) to your opponent's side of the field.
Target 1 "Earthbound Immortal" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it cannot declare an attack this turn, also your opponent takes no battle damage from attacks involving it.
During your opponent's turn: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls whose ATK is less than or equal to their LP; destroy that face-up monster, and if you do, take damage equal to its original ATK, then inflict damage to your opponent, equal to the damage you took. You can only activate 1 "Ring of Destruction" per turn.
When a Spell Card that targets exactly 1 monster on the field (and no other cards) is activated: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
When a face-up "Vennominon the King of Poisonous Snakes" you control is destroyed, except by battle: Special Summon 1 "Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes" from your hand or Deck.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; double its DEF, but its DEF becomes 0 at the end of this turn. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 monster you control; your opponent's monsters cannot attack for the rest of this turn, except to attack that monster. You can only activate 1 "Rise to Full Height" per turn.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; that target gains 1500 ATK until the End Phase.
Target 1 "Gravekeeper's" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target. This card's activation and effect are unaffected by "Necrovalley".
Target 1 of your "Ritual Beast Tamer" monsters and 1 of your "Spiritual Beast" monsters that are banished and/or in your Graveyard; Special Summon them in Defense Position. After this card is activated, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except "Ritual Beast" monsters, for the rest of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Ritual Beast Ambush" per turn.
If you control a "Ritual Beast" monster: Destroy monsters on the field up to the number of "Ritual Beast" monsters you currently control.
Activate only when a Ritual Monster is Ritual Summoned. Your opponent cannot activate any Spell or Trap Cards or use their effects until your next Standby Phase.
Destroy 1 face-up Ritual Monster on the field.
Each player can only control 1 Type of monster. Send all other face-up monsters they control to the Graveyard.
Once per turn, if an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; destroy that target, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the destroyed monster's ATK. You must control an "Earthbound Immortal" monster with ATK higher than the ATK of the attacking monster to activate and to resolve this effect.
If a Beast-Type monster you control attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If you inflict battle damage to your opponent with this effect: Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; that target loses 500 ATK and DEF. (This remains even if this card leaves the field.)
Each time a monster you control inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent, your opponent discards 1 random card.
Each time 1 monster on your side of the field inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent's Life Points, your opponent sends 1 card from the top of their Deck to the Graveyard.
Send 1 Rock-Type monster from your Deck to the Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent.
Target 1 face-up Attack Position monster you control with 800 or more ATK; equip this card to that target. It gains 800 ATK. You can send this equipped card to the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up card on the field; destroy it, then change the ATK of the monster this card was equipped to, to 0, also its battle position cannot be changed. You can only use 1 "Rocket Hand" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Target 1 Union monster in your Graveyard; equip that target to a monster you control that would be an appropriate target for that Union monster's effect.
When a monster(s) is destroyed by battle and sent to your Graveyard: Discard your entire hand (min.1), then target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it, and if you do, it gains 800 ATK.
Flip monsters' effects cannot be activated, also their effects are negated.
Negate all other Trap effects on the field.
Either player can pay 800 Life Points to negate the Special Summon of a monster(s), and/or an effect that Special Summons a monster(s), and destroy those cards.
Monsters cannot be Special Summoned from the Graveyard.
Activate only when your opponent activates a Continuous Trap Card. Negate the activation and the effect of the card and destroy it.
Activate only during your opponent's Standby Phase. Select 1 random card from your opponent's hand and look at it. Unless the selected card or a card with the same name is Normal Summoned or activated by the end of your next turn, inflict 1000 damage to your opponent. If the selected card or a card with the same name is Normal Summoned or activated by the end of your next turn, you take 1000 damage.
Activate only while you control a face-up "X-Saber" monster. Negate the Summon of a monster and destroy it.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up Attack Position monster on the field; that face-up monster cannot be targeted or destroyed by your opponent's card effects, or be destroyed by battle. It cannot attack your opponent directly. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; destroy that target.
You can discard 1 "Salamangreat" monster; send 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your Deck to the GY, then draw 1 card. If you control a "Salamangreat" Link Monster that was Link Summoned using a monster with its same name as material: You can discard 1 "Salamangreat" monster; draw 2 cards. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Gift" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Send 1 "Salamangreat" monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it.  ● Target 1 "Salamangreat" Link Monster you control that was Link Summoned using a monster with its same name as material; destroy cards your opponent controls, up to that monster's Link Rating.  You can only activate 1 "Salamangreat Rage" per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "Salamangreat" Link Monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If a "Salamangreat" Link Monster is Link Summoned to your field using a monster with its same name as material while this card is in your GY: You can Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use 1 "Salamangreat Roar" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
If you control any other Spell or Trap Cards, destroy this card. Face-down Spell and Trap Cards cannot be activated. Destroy this card during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.
Target 1 Link Monster your opponent controls or is in their GY; draw cards equal to its Link Rating, then, if you have 2 or more cards in your hand, place 2 cards from your hand on the bottom of your Deck in any order. You can only activate 1 "Saryuja's Shackles" per turn.
If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the GY: You can Special Summon 1 "Sonic Chick" from your hand, Deck, or GY.
Activate only when a "Scrap" monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard. Destroy all face-up Spell/Trap Cards on the field.
Activate only during damage calculation, if a Defense Position "Scrap" monster on the field is being attacked. It gains 2000 DEF and is destroyed at the end of the Battle Phase.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Target the attacking monster; negate the attack, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the Graveyard.
When your opponent activates a monster effect while you control a Synchro Monster that requires a Synchro Monster(s) as material: Negate the activation, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the GY. You can only activate 1 "Scrap-Iron Signal" per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card that is already face-up on your opponent's side of the field activates its effect: Destroy that card, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the Graveyard. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 "Junk" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. You can only use each effect of "Scrap-Iron Statue" once per turn.
During the Battle Phase, you can send 1 card you control to the Graveyard, except this card, to end the Battle Phase.
While you control 2 or more face-up Defense Position monsters, your opponent cannot target Defense Position monsters you control with card effects, and they cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects. If this card would be destroyed by card effect, you can destroy 1 card in your Spell & Trap Zone instead.
When this card is activated: You can activate 1 "Umi" from your hand or GY. While "Umi" is on the field, this face-up card gains these effects.  ● Once per turn: You can banish 1 WATER monster you control until the End Phase; this turn, face-up Spells/Traps you control cannot be destroyed by your opponent's card effects (even if this card leaves the field).  ● At the start of the Damage Step, if your WATER monster whose original Level is 5 or higher battles an opponent's monster: Destroy that opponent's monster.
Once per turn, during your opponent's Standby Phase, select 1 face-up card on the field. The selected card's effect(s) is negated during that turn. During each of your Standby Phases, pay 500 Life Points or destroy this card.
Once per turn: You can banish 1 FIRE monster from your Graveyard to target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.
Once per turn, you can Tribute 1 face-up EARTH monster to select up to 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard, and remove them from play.
Once per turn: You can return 1 face-up WIND monster you control to the bottom of the Main Deck to target up to 2 cards in your opponent's Graveyard; banish those targets.
Once per turn: You can send 1 WATER monster from your hand to the Graveyard to target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish that target.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 "Danger!" monster you control; it gains 500 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. If this card is in the GY: You can discard 1 "Danger!" monster; place this card on the bottom of the Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Second Expedition into Danger!" once per turn.
Inflict 200 damage to your opponent for each card in their hand and for each card they control.
Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each card they control. If this card you control is destroyed by an opponent's card and sent to your Graveyard: Inflict 1000 damage to your opponent.
Select 1 Normal Monster you control. When the selected monster inflicts Battle Damage to your opponent this turn, your opponent discards 2 random cards.
Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack. Change the battle position of that monster. When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard by the effect of a Spell or Trap Card your opponent controls, destroy 1 monster on the field.
Destroy this card during your 3rd Standby Phase after activation. Activate this card when a face-up Dinosaur-Type monster you control is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): Choose 3 of your opponent's unused Spell & Trap Zones. Those Zones cannot be used. If this card destroys itself: You can target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster in your Graveyard; add that target to your hand.
You can only activate this card when your Life Points are lower than your opponent's Life Points and the difference is 7000 points or more. Both player's Life Points become 0.
If your "Senka" monster battles, your opponent cannot activate Spell/Trap Cards until the end of the Damage Step. You can only use 1 of the following effects of "Senka Legend - Champion's Bravery at Changban Bridge" per turn, and only once that turn.  ● At the start of your opponent's Battle Phase: You can send this face-up card from the Spell & Trap Zone to the GY; your opponent's monsters cannot target "Senka" monsters for attacks this turn.  ● When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish this card from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Senka" monster from your Deck.
You can target any number of your Fiend monsters that are banished or in your GY, up to the number of "Destiny Board" and/or "Spirit Message" cards you control; add them to your hand. You can send this card from your Spell & Trap Zone to the GY; place 1 "Spirit Message" card from your hand, Deck, or GY in your Spell & Trap Zone. (This is treated as being placed by the effect of "Destiny Board".) You can only use 1 "Sentence of Doom" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Face-up Attack Position monsters with 0 ATK your opponent controls cannot be destroyed by battle by "Reptilianne" monsters.
When your monster is destroyed by battle: Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or Deck with ATK less than or equal to that destroyed monster's in face-down Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Setuppercut" per turn.
When a Trap Card is activated: Pay 1000 LP; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Spellcaster-Type/DARK/Level 9/ATK 1450/DEF 1950). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, you can substitute this monster for 1 Fusion Material that lists an Attribute, on a "Shaddoll" Fusion Monster Card. If this card is sent to the Graveyard by a card effect: You can target 1 "Shaddoll" Spell /Trap Card in your Graveyard, except "Shaddoll Core"; add it to your hand.
When a Synchro Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 of those Synchro Monsters; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 Synchro Monster with the same Level and Type as that monster but with a different name. You can only activate 1 "Shadow Impulse" per turn.
When a monster(s) is Set on your opponent's side of the field: Target 1 of those Set monsters; change that Set monster to face-up Attack Position. (Flip Effects are not activated.)
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 700 ATK, also it cannot attack or change its battle position. When it leaves the field, destroy this card.
Negate all DARK monster effects activated on the field or in the Graveyard.
Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Fiend-Type/Tuner/EARTH/Level 2/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) You can only activate 1 "Shapesister" per turn.
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up monster on the field. During each of your Standby Phases: It loses 500 ATK. When that target is destroyed, destroy this card.
When a card or effect is activated that would destroy a monster(s) on the field: Target 1 Link Monster on each player's field; that opponent's monster has its effects negated, and if it does, equip this card to that monster you control. The equipped monster cannot be destroyed by card effects.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; it gains 400 ATK and DEF until the End Phase.
If a "Six Samurai" monster you control is destroyed by battle: Special Summon up to 2 "Six Samurai" monsters from your hand.
When your opponent targets exactly 1 monster you control (and no other cards) for an attack, or with a Spell/Trap effect: Target another monster you control that would be an appropriate target; that attack/Spell/Trap now targets the new target.
Activate only when your opponent activates a Trap Card that inflicts damage. Negate the activation of that card and destroy it and all face-up Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls.
If a face-up Spirit monster(s) you control returns to your hand while this card is face-up on the field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 card your opponent controls; destroy it. When an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can banish 1 Spirit monster from your Graveyard; negate the attack, then end the Battle Phase. You can only use each effect of "Shinobird Salvation" once per turn.
This card's name becomes "Shiranui Style Synthesis" while it is in the Spell & Trap Zone. Once per turn: You can activate 1 of these effects.  ● Banish 1 face-up Zombie-Type monster you control; you take no damage this turn (even if this card leaves the field).  ● Target 2 of your banished Zombie-Type monsters with 0 DEF; shuffle them both into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
Special Summon 1 Zombie monster from your hand, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Zombie monster you control; that Zombie monster is unaffected by card effects this turn, except its own. You can only use 1 "Shiranui Style Skill" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Tribute 1 Zombie-Type monster, then target 2 cards on the field; destroy them, then banish 1 "Shiranui" monster from your Deck. You can only activate 1 "Shiranui Style Swallow's Slash" per turn.
If a "Stardust" monster is on the field: Target 1 card on the field; destroy that target.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, with the same name as a card in their GY: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Your opponent draws 1 to 3 cards, then you gain 2000 LP for each card they drew with this effect.
Your opponent's monsters cannot target Winged Beast monsters you control for attacks, except the Winged Beast monster you control with the highest ATK (either, if tied). Your opponent cannot target Winged Beast monsters you control with card effects, except the Winged Beast monster you control with the highest ATK (either, if tied). You can send 2 "Simorgh" monsters whose original Levels are 7 or higher with different original Attributes and this card you control to the GY; return as many cards on the field as possible to the hand, and if you do, take 500 damage for each card returned to the hand, then inflict damage to your opponent, equal to the damage you took. You can only use this effect of "Simorgh Sky Battle" once per turn.
Each player sends the top card from their Deck to the Graveyard.
When a monster you control is destroyed by a battle in which you took damage, and it was in face-up Attack Position at the start of the Damage Step and when it was destroyed: Special Summon 1 "Sinister Seed Token" (Plant-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100) for every 500 points of battle damage you took from that battle.
Send 1 "Shaddoll" card from your Deck to the Graveyard, then you can change any number of face-down Defense Position "Shaddoll" monsters you control to face-up Defense Position.
Each turn, 1 Level 5 or higher Fiend monster you Normal Summon can be Summoned without Tributing. If exactly 1 Normal Summoned/Set Level 5 or higher Fiend monster (and no other cards) would be destroyed, you can send this card to the GY instead.
Remove 1 Bushido Counter from your side of the field to activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy that target. ● Target 1 card your opponent controls; return that target to the hand.
If the only monster you control is 1 "Six Samurai" monster in face-up Attack Position: Target 2 cards your opponent controls; return those targets to the hand.
Declare 2 numbers from 1 to 6, then your opponent rolls a six-sided die, and if the result is one of the numbers you declared, you draw that many cards. Otherwise, send a number of cards from the top of your Deck to the Graveyard equal to the result.
Activate by paying 1000 Life Points. The effects of all face-up monsters on the field are negated while those monsters are face-up on the field (but their effects can still be activated).
Target 1 card you control; this turn, when any monster effect resolves that targeted that card at activation, negate that effect. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 card you control; this turn, when any monster effect resolves that targeted that card at activation, negate that effect.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 400 ATK until the end of this turn. During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from the Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster you control; that target gains 800 ATK until the end of this turn.
Roll a six-sided die. All monsters your opponent currently controls lose ATK and DEF equal to the result x 100, until the End Phase.
Each time a card(s) is sent to the Graveyard, inflict 300 damage to its owner for each card sent.
Remove from play any number of Monster Cards in your Graveyard to destroy 1 face-up monster on the field whose Level is equal to the number of the cards you removed from play.
Activate only when your opponent's monster declares an attack targeting a monster. Negate the attack and remove from play the attack target monster until the next Standby Phase.
Activate only when your opponent Summons a monster. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from your hand in face-up Defense Position. Return it to the owner's hand during the End Phase.
When a monster effect or Trap Card is activated that negates the Normal or Special Summon of a monster(s): Negate the activation and destroy it.
If you control no monsters and your opponent controls a monster(s) whose current ATK is higher than its original ATK: Draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Smile Potion" per turn.
Activate by showing your opponent 1 "Venom" monster in your hand. Negate the activation and effect of an opponent's Spell Card, and destroy it.
Decrease 1 selected monster's DEF by 500 points during the turn this card is activated.
Activate only when a Reptile-Type monster you control is destroyed. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Reptile-Type monster from your Deck.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the total original ATK of all other monsters you currently control, until the end of this turn. It cannot attack directly during the turn you activate this card. You can only activate 1 "Snowman Effect" per turn.
Inflict 600 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points for each face-up LIGHT monster on your side of the field.
Activate this card by targeting 1 "Aesir" monster you control; it cannot be targeted by other card effects while this card is on the field. Send this card to the Graveyard during your 2nd Standby Phase after activation.
When a monster would be Summoned, OR a Spell/Trap Card is activated: Pay half your Life Points; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
If this is the only Set card in your Spell & Trap Zone, when a monster would be Summoned, OR a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated: Pay 3000 LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When a monster(s) would be Special Summoned, or a monster effect is activated: Pay 1500 LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
When a monster(s) would be Summoned, OR when a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that includes an effect that Special Summons a monster(s): Pay 2000 LP; negate the Summon or activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
Increase your Life Points by 500 points each time you draw a card (or cards).
Skip your next Standby Phase.
During your turn: Target 1 "Mecha Phantom Beast" monster on the field; this turn, its ATK becomes double its original ATK, it is unaffected by other Spell/Trap effects, also if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. If this effect is applied to that monster, destroy all Machine-Type monsters you control during the End Phase of this turn. Other monsters cannot attack during the turn you activate this card.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Negate that attack, then you can Special Summon 1 "T.G." monster or 1 Level 4 or lower Tuner from your hand or Deck.
You can only activate this card's effect when you have a Fiend-Type monster on your side of the field. Pay 500 Life Points to use this effect. Both players select 1 Monster Card from their opponent's Graveyard. Remove the selected cards from play.
Activate by paying 1000 Life Points. Monsters that are banished, as well as monsters in the Graveyard, cannot activate their effects (that start a Chain).
You can only control 1 "Soul Levy". Each time your opponent Special Summons a monster(s), send the top 3 cards of their Deck to the GY.
Activate this card by targeting 1 Normal Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
When a monster you control is destroyed by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard (except during the Damage Step): Pay 1000 LP; Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from your Deck.
If your LP is 4000 or less, when an attack is declared involving a monster you control and an opponent's monster: Pay half your LP, then target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains ATK equal to the deficit between your current LP and 4000 until the end of your opponent's turn. You can only activate 1 "Soul Strike" per turn.
If you control no Special Summoned monsters: Tribute 1 face-up Level 4 Normal Summoned/Set monster; draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "Soul Transition" per turn. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you activate this card.
Return all monsters you control to the hand.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/Tuner/FIRE/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, other Tuners you control cannot be destroyed by battle or your opponent's card effects while this card is in the Monster Zone.
Each time a monster your opponent controls attacks or is attacked, place 1 Gate Counter on this card at the end of the Damage Step. During your Main Phase: You can send this card to the Graveyard; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand whose Level is less than or equal to the number of Gate Counters on this card.
You can only activate this card when both you and your opponent each have 5 or less cards on the field. As long as this card remains face-up on the field, the total number of cards that each player can have on the field is 5.
Discard 1 card from your hand. Destroy all face-up Continuous Spell Cards.
Discard 1 card and chain this card to a Spell Card you activated. Whenever that Spell Card is sent to the Graveyard, return it to its owner's hand.
Activate 1 of these effects. ● When a Spell Card is activated that targets exactly 1 monster on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it. ● When a Spell Card is activated: Send 1 Spell Card from your hand to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Discard 2 cards from your hand. Negate the activation of a Spell Card and destroy it. Also, look at your opponent's hand and Deck and if you find any Spell Cards of the same name as the destroyed Spell Card, send all of them to the Graveyard.
Activate only when your opponent activates a Continuous Spell Card. Negate the activation and the effect of the card and destroy it.
Activate this card by targeting 1 monster your opponent controls; it cannot attack or change its battle position. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Activate only when your opponent declares a direct attack, while you have 3 or more Insect-Type monsters in your Graveyard. Negate that attack. Special Summon 3 "Spider Tokens" (Insect-Type/EARTH/Level 1/ATK 100/DEF 100) in Attack Position.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; equip this card to that target. It gains 500 ATK. If the equipped monster attacks or is attacked while in Defense Position, it gains DEF equal to its ATK during damage calculation only.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Target 1 Attack Position EARTH Machine Xyz Monster you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; change the battle position of that monster you control, and if you do, destroy that opponent's monster.  ● Target 1 Defense Position EARTH Machine Xyz Monster you control and 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; change the battle position of that monster you control, and if you do, destroy that opponent's Spell/Trap.
While you control a monster, you take no battle damage.
During your opponent's turn, at damage calculation: Make the battle damage you take from this battle 0, then you can add 1 Warrior-Type Tuner monster with 1500 or less DEF from your Graveyard to your hand.
Each time your Spirit monster returns to your hand, select 1 monster on your opponent's side of the field and return it to its owner's hand. Pay 500 Life Points during each of your Standby Phases. If you do not, this card is destroyed.
Tribute 1 EARTH monster. Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower EARTH monster from your Graveyard, except the Tributed monster.
Tribute 1 FIRE monster; inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK.
Tribute 1 LIGHT monster to target 1 banished monster; your opponent can reveal 1 Trap Card from their hand to negate this card's effect, otherwise you Special Summon that monster.
Once per attack, when an opponent's monster declares an attack: You can pay 1000 LP; negate that attack. During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; this turn, your opponent's monsters cannot attack directly.
Tribute 1 WATER monster; look at your opponent's hand, then send 1 card from their hand to the Graveyard.
Tribute 1 WIND monster, then target 1 card your opponent controls; place that card on the bottom of the Deck.
When your opponent Xyz Summons: Banish 2 Fish-Type monsters from your Graveyard to target that face-up Xyz Monster; take control of that target.
If you control "SPYRAL Super Agent": Target 1 face-up card your opponent controls; place it on top of the Deck. You can only activate 1 "SPYRAL GEAR - Utility Wire" per turn.
Destroy this card during your 3rd End Phase after activation. Once per turn, if a "SPYRAL" monster is Special Summoned to your field (except during the Damage Step): You can target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase, but it cannot attack directly this turn. If a "SPYRAL" monster(s) you control would be destroyed by battle or card effect, you can banish this card from your Graveyard instead of destroying 1 of those "SPYRAL" monsters.
Destroy this card during your 3rd End Phase after activation. Once per turn: You can target 1 "SPYRAL" monster in your Graveyard; return it to the hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "SPYRAL" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it. You can only control 1 "SPYRAL MISSION - Rescue".
Both players must keep their hands revealed this turn. While their hands are revealed by this effect, neither player can activate cards, or the effects of cards, with the same name as a card in their opponent's hand.
When a Synchro Monster(s) is Special Summoned: Target 1 of them; Special Summon 1 "Siphon Token" (Spellcaster-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). Its Level becomes that monster's current Level and that monster's Level becomes 1.
Target 1 "Stardust" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it.
If you control a Level 8 or higher Dragon Synchro Monster: Special Summon as many monsters from your GY as possible that were destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect and sent there this turn. You can only activate 1 "Stardust Mirage" per turn.
When an opponent's Special Summoned monster declares a direct attack, if its ATK is greater than or equal to your LP: Negate the attack, and if you do, draw 1 card, then you can Special Summon 1 "Stardust" monster from your Extra Deck or Graveyard. You can only activate 1 "Stardust Re-Spark" per turn.
Once per turn, if a "Stardust" Synchro Monster you control Tributes itself to activate its effect: You can target that monster; Special Summon it. Your opponent cannot activate cards or effects in response to this effect's activation. Attack Position monsters that were Special Summoned by this card's effect cannot be destroyed by battle.
When a card or effect is activated that would destroy 2 or more cards you control: Negate the effect, and if you do, destroy that card, then you can Special Summon 1 "Stardust Dragon" from your Extra Deck.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Rock-Type/EARTH/Level 7/ATK 0/DEF 2500). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card cannot be targeted by an opponent's card effects while you control another Trap Card that is a monster. If a card is Special Summoned from your Spell & Trap Zone to the Monster Zone while this card is a monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, Special Summon 1 "Wicked Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 4 /ATK 1000/DEF 1000) on your side of the field.
You can only activate this card when your opponent declares an attack. Select 1 face-up monster on your side of the field. During this turn, your opponent can only designate the selected monster as an attack target and your opponent must attack the selected monster with all face-up monsters.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: Send 1 face-up "tellarknight" monster you control to the Graveyard; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then draw 1 card.
Once per turn, during your Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase: You can Special Summon 1 "tellarknight" monster from your hand.
When a face-up "Chronomaly" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Chronomaly" monster from your Deck in face-up Defense Position. It cannot change its battle position.
Target 1 banished monster; Special Summon it to your field, but return it to the hand during the End Phase. You can only activate 1 "Storm Dragon's Return" per turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Return all your opponent's Attack Position monsters to the hand.
Activate only when all of your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones are occupied. Destroy all cards in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones.
When a monster you control declares an attack: Until the End Phase, that monster gains 700 ATK, also, if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent.
Special Summon this card in Defense Position as an Effect Monster (Machine-Type/EARTH/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 2000). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) While you control "Green Gadget", "Red Gadget", and "Yellow Gadget", this card gains 3000 ATK.
Reduce the Levels of all monsters your opponent controls by 1.
If you control exactly 3 non-Token monsters with the same name, and no other monsters: You can add 3 monsters with the same name as each other from your Deck to your hand. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, you cannot Normal Summon/Set or Special Summon monsters with the added monsters' name, nor activate their monster effects. You can only activate 1 "Subsurface Stage Divers" per turn.
You can banish 1 "Subterror" monster from your Graveyard; for the rest of this turn, face-down monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects, and your opponent cannot target them with card effects. If this card on the field is destroyed by a card effect: You can add 1 "Subterror" monster from your Deck to your hand. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Subterror" monster you control; change it to face-down Defense Position.
Activate 1 of these effects, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the Graveyard.  ● Change 1 Set "Subterror" monster on the field to face-up Attack or Defense Position.  ● Change 1 face-up "Subterror" monster on the field to face-down Defense Position.  ● ATK and DEF of 1 "Subterror" monster on the field become equal to its combined original ATK and DEF until the end of this turn.  ● This turn, activated effects of "Subterror" cards cannot be negated.
Activate 1 of these effects, also, after that, Set this card face-down instead of sending it to the GY.  ● Send 1 monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, add 1 Flip monster with the same Attribute, but a different name, from your Deck to your hand.  ● Send 1 Flip monster from your hand or face-up field to the GY, and if you do, add 1 monster with the same Attribute, but lower original Level, from your Deck to your hand.  You can only activate 1 "Subterror Succession" per turn.
Send 2 random Fusion Monsters from your opponent's Extra Deck to the Graveyard.
Each player can Special Summon a maximum of 3 monsters from the Extra Deck each turn.
Neither player can Summon more than two times per turn. (Negated Summons count toward this limit. Negated cards/effects that would Summon do not count.)
Activate only when an opponent's monster declares an attack. Negate the battle, and 1 monster with the lowest ATK in face-up Attack Position your opponent controls battles against 1 monster with the lowest DEF in face-up Defense Position you control. After that battle, end the Battle Phase.
Target 1 "Super Quant" Xyz Monster you control; equip this card to it. It gains ATK equal to its Rank x 100, also if it attacks a Defense Position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to your opponent. During your Battle Phase: You can send this Equip Card to the Graveyard; the monster that was equipped with this card can make 3 attacks during each Battle Phase this turn.
Your opponent cannot target "Super Quant" cards on the field with card effects during your Main Phase 1. You can target 1 "Super Quant" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 other face-up monster you control to it as material. You can only use this effect of "Super Quantal Union - Magnaformation" once per turn.
Target 1 Beast-Type monster you control and 1 monster your opponent controls; destroy the first target, and if you do, shuffle the second target into the Deck.
Target 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster you control; send it to the Graveyard, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster from your hand with a different name from that monster, ignoring its Summoning conditions. During your Main Phase, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "Black Luster Soldier" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. You can only activate 1 "Super Soldier Rebirth" per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that targets a monster(s) on the field, while you control a "Black Luster Soldier" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can remove 1 Spell Counter from your side of the field; Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; Special Summon 1 monster from your hand or GY, with the same original Type as that monster's, but with a different original name. If this card in its owner's Spell & Trap Zone is destroyed by an opponent's card effect: You can Set 1 "Super Team Buddy Force Unite!" directly from your Deck to your Spell & Trap Zone.
When your opponent declares an attack while the only monsters you control are Machine-Type "roid" monster(s): Draw 2 cards.
Activate only during the End Phase. Gain 1000 Life Points for each Psychic-Type monster sent to the Graveyard this turn.
If you control "Supreme King Z-ARC": Destroy as many monsters you control as possible, except "Supreme King Z-ARC", and if you do, Special Summon up to 4 "Supreme King Dragon" monsters with different names from your hand, Deck, Extra Deck, and/or GY, ignoring their Summoning conditions. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Supreme King Dragon" Xyz Monster you control; attach 2 "Supreme King Dragon" monsters to it as materials, from your GY and/or face-up from your Extra Deck.
Banish any number of Dinosaur-Type monsters from your Graveyard; gain 400 Life Points for each Dinosaur-Type monster banished to activate this card.
Target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster you control; equip this card to that target. It gains 1000 ATK. When that attacking monster destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: You can activate this effect; the equipped monster can make a second attack on an opponent's monster in a row.
Destroy as many Normal Monsters on the field as possible, and if you do, Special Summon Level 4 or lower Dinosaur-Type monsters from your Deck, up to the number destroyed, but destroy them during the End Phase. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 Dinosaur-Type monster you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them.
Negate the activation of an Effect Monster's effect that activates when a monster is Special Summoned (including itself), and destroy it.
Activate this card by declaring 1 Monster Type and 1 Attribute; Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster (Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1000) with that Type and Attribute. (This card is also still a Trap Card.)
Each turn, after the first time a "Six Samurai" monster you control battles, all "Six Samurai" monsters you control gain 300 ATK until the end of this turn.
During your Draw Phase, each time you draw a "Six Samurai" Monster Card(s): You can reveal it; Special Summon it.
If you control the same number of monsters as your opponent, switch control of all those monsters.
Place 1 card from your hand on either the top or bottom of the Deck, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Sylvan" monster from your hand or Graveyard. It is unaffected by other card effects this turn. Place it on either the top or bottom of the Deck during the End Phase.
Each time an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: You can excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, place it on the bottom of your Deck. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw: Excavate the top card of your Deck, and if it is a Plant-Type monster, send it to the Graveyard. Otherwise, add it to your hand.
Tribute 1 Synchro Monster you control. You do not take any damage until the End Phase of the next turn.
Target 1 monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but it has its effects negated (if any), and if you do, immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 DARK Dragon or Fiend-Type Synchro Monster using only monsters you control as Materials, including the Summoned monster.
Activate only when a face-up Synchro Monster you control is selected as an attack target. Negate the attack and destroy 1 monster your opponent controls.
Select 1 face-up Synchro Monster your opponent controls and remove it from play. Your opponent draws 1 card.
Select 1 face-up monster your opponent controls. If you Synchro Summon this turn, you can use the selected monster as a Synchro Material Monster. You cannot conduct your Battle Phase during the turn you activate this card.
Target Synchro Summoned monster gains 500 ATK for each Synchro Material Monster used to Summon it, until the End Phase.
Each time a Counter Trap Card is activated, Special Summon 1 "Synthetic Seraphim Token" (Fairy-Type/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 300/DEF 300).
When a face-up "Galaxy" Xyz Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster, or by an opponent's card effect, and sent to your Graveyard: Destroy as many face-up cards your opponent controls as possible, and if you do, banish them. During your Draw Phase, if this card is in your Graveyard, instead of conducting your normal draw: You can banish this card, then target 1 "Galaxy" Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Target 1 Dragon "Galaxy" monster you control; until the end of this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also it is unaffected by other card effects, except its own. You can only activate 1 "Tachyon Spiral Galaxy" per turn. If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon" monster, you can activate this card from your hand.
If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes" monster: Negate the activations of your opponent's Spell/Trap Cards and monster effects activated before this card in this Chain, and if you do, shuffle the negated cards on the field into the Deck. If you control a "Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon" monster, you can activate this card from your hand.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; destroy it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Rokket" monster from your Deck or GY with a different original name. You can only activate 1 "Tactical Exchanger" per turn.
You can only activate this card while there is a face-up "Sealmaster Meisei" on your side of the field. While this card is face-up on the field, Spell Cards cannot be activated and the effects of face-up Spell Cards on the field are negated. When "Sealmaster Meisei" is removed from the field, destroy this card.
Activate only during your opponent's Main Phase 1; select 1 monster on your side of the field. While the selected card remains on the field, if your opponent attacks with a monster(s) this turn, they must select the selected monster as the attack target.
When a Psychic-Type monster you control is destroyed by battle with an opponent's attacking monster: Target the opponent's monster; destroy that target, and if you do, gain LP equal to the destroyed monster's ATK on the field.
During your opponent's Battle Phase, if you control "Elemental HERO Terra Firma": This turn, all Level 4 or lower monsters your opponent controls that can attack a face-up "Elemental HERO Terra Firma" you control must attack it, and cannot otherwise attack.
Activate only by paying 1000 Life Points when your opponent activates a Spell Card. Your opponent discards 1 random card.
When a "T.G." monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard: Target 1 "T.G." Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon that target.
Target 1 monster your opponent controls and 1 "T.G." monster you control; switch control of both monsters.
Target 3 "T.G." monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle all 3 into your Deck, then draw 2 cards.
Each time a player rolls a die (or dice), you can choose 1 die result, and apply the appropriate effect based on the result. ● 1, 3, or 5: The die result is treated as 6. ● 2, 4, or 6: The die result is treated as 1.
If a face-up Spell Card(s) in your opponent's Spell & Trap Card Zones is sent to the Graveyard: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy that target.
Target 1 monster in either player's GY; during your next Standby Phase, Special Summon it.
When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack: Negate the attack, then Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Fiend-Type/LIGHT/Level 1/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) During your Standby Phase, while this card is treated as a monster: You can banish any number of "Utopia" monsters with different names from your Graveyard; inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each of those banished monsters, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to the damage they took.
Discard 1 card from your hand. Negate the effect of a Trap Card that targets 1 face-up Dragon-Type monster and destroy the Trap Card.
Negate all Equip Card effects on the field.
Your opponent must keep their hand revealed. During each of your opponent's Standby Phases, if they have a Spell Card in their hand: They gain 1000 LP.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 6/ATK 1000/DEF 2400). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way: You can discard 1 card, then declare 1 Attribute; this card becomes that Attribute, and can be treated as 2 Tributes for the Tribute Summon of a monster with the same Attribute as this card. If this card was Summoned this way, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except monsters with this card's Attribute.
During each of your opponent's End Phases, place 1 card face-up on your side of the field from your hand or Deck in this order: "The Second Sarcophagus", "The Third Sarcophagus". If 1 Sarcophagus card is removed from your side of the field, all of them on your side of the field are sent to the Graveyard. When you have all 3 Sarcophagus cards on your side of the field, send all Sarcophagus cards on your side of the field to the Graveyard to Special Summon 1 "Spirit of the Pharaoh" from your hand or Deck.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Look at your opponent's hand, and if there is a Monster Card, negate the attack, then discard 1 monster from their hand (your choice).
Target 2 "Dark World" monsters in your Graveyard; add those targets to your hand.
Your opponent draws 2 cards.
When you take battle damage while you control no monsters: Gain LP equal to the battle damage you took, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Malus Token" (Fiend-Type/DARK/Level 1/ATK ?/DEF ?). Its ATK/DEF are each equal to the amount of LP you gained by this effect.
You can only activate this card when a monster on your side of the field is destroyed as a result of battle and sent to the Graveyard. You and your opponent each select 1 monster from your respective Graveyards and Special Summon them in Defense Position. Neither monster Special Summoned by this card's effect can change its battle position while it is face-up on the field, except with a card effect.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated that would destroy 2 or more cards on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish it.
Select 1 face-up Level 2 or lower Normal Monster on your side of the field to activate this card. Special Summon from your Deck to your side of the field as many cards as possible with the same name as the selected monster.
If you have no cards in your Extra Deck: Target 1 face-up Tribute Summoned monster you control; its effects are negated, also it is unaffected by the effects of cards other than this card.
Activate this card only if you have no cards in your Extra Deck and control a Tribute Summoned monster. Negate the effects of all face-up monsters on the field, while those monsters are face-up on the field, except Tribute Summoned monsters'. During your End Phase, if you control no Tribute Summoned monsters, send this card to the Graveyard.
Both players toss a coin once. If a player's result is Heads, they gain 2000 Life Points, and if their result is Tails, they take 2000 damage.
Send 1 "Phantom Knights" Spell/Trap Card from your Deck to the Graveyard. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while you control no cards and this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card in Defense Position as an Effect Monster (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 300/DEF 600), but banish it when it leaves the field. (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, this card gains 300 DEF for each "Phantom Knights" Spell/Trap Card in your Graveyard.
Target 1 face-up monster on the field; if that monster is still face-up on the field, apply the following effect, then Special Summon this card in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 2/ATK 600/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.)  ● Until the end of this turn, the targeted monster loses 600 ATK, its Level becomes 2, also "The Phantom Knights" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle.
Target 1 of your banished "The Phantom Knights" monsters; add it to your hand. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your Graveyard: You can target 1 Level 4 or lower "The Phantom Knights" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, Special Summon this card as a Normal Monster with the same original Level as that monster (Warrior-Type/DARK/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card). If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.
Special Summon this card in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 300). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If you have no Trap Cards in your Graveyard, you can activate this card the turn it was Set. You can only activate 1 "The Phantom Knights of Shade Brigandine" per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; it gains 300 ATK and DEF. When an opponent's monster declares a direct attack while this card is in your Graveyard: Special Summon this card in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 0/DEF 300). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) If Summoned this way, banish this card when it leaves the field.
Special Summon this card in Attack Position as a Normal Monster (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 3/ATK 0/DEF 0). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) During your turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up Trap Card your opponent controls; negate its effects until the end of this turn.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Negate the attack, then Special Summon this card in Attack Position as an Effect Monster (Warrior-Type/DARK/Level 2/0 ATK/0 DEF), and if you do, it gains this effect. (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.)  ● During either player's turn: You can send this card and 1 face-up "The Phantom Knights" monster or "Phantom Knights" Continuous Spell/Trap Card you control to the Graveyard; draw 2 cards.
Once per turn: You can target 2 "Monarch" Spell/Trap Cards in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card. If this card is in your Graveyard: You can banish 1 other "Monarch" Spell/Trap Card from your Graveyard; Special Summon this card in Defense Position as a Normal Monster (Fairy-Type/LIGHT/Level 5/ATK 1000/DEF 2400). (This card is NOT treated as a Trap Card.) You can only use this effect of "The Prime Monarch" once per turn.
Declare 1 Type of monster. Monsters of the declared Type cannot attack. Tribute 1 monster from your side of the field during each of your Standby Phases. If you do not, this card is destroyed.
When exactly 1 monster is Normal or Special Summoned: Destroy all monsters on the field with less ATK than that monster. You can only activate 1 "The Return to the Normal" per turn.
Special Summon Level 4 or lower monsters from your hand, up to the number of monsters your opponent controls. You can only activate 1 "The Revenge of the Normal" per turn.
Send 1 "Darklord" monster from your hand or face-up from your field to the GY; negate the effects of 1 Effect Monster on the field until the end of this turn, and if you do, gain LP equal to its ATK. You can only activate 1 "The Sanctified Darklord" per turn.
Pay 1000 Life Points. Negate the Summon of a monster that has the same Type as a monster on the field, and destroy it.
If you control 6 "Six Samurai" monsters with different Attributes: Skip your opponent's next turn.
Flip all face-down Defense Position Monster Cards on the field face-up. Flip Effects are not activated at this time. Increase your Life Points by 400 points for each Effect Monster Card on the field.
Target 2 cards in the Graveyard(s); shuffle those targets into the Deck(s).
Target any number of "Burning Abyss" monsters in your Graveyard that were sent there this turn; Special Summon them in Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "The Traveler and the Burning Abyss" per turn.
Target 1 "Blue-Eyes" monster you control; this turn, that face-up monster is unaffected by card effects, except its own, it cannot be destroyed by battle, also any opponent's monster it battles is destroyed at the end of the Damage Step. While this card is in your GY, if you Normal or Special Summon a "Blue-Eyes White Dragon": You can Set this card, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "The Ultimate Creature of Destruction" once per turn.
"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card's column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.  ● When exactly 1 card is added to the player's hand (except during the Damage Step): You can banish this card; banish the added card, and if you do, that player draws 1 card.  You can only control 1 "The Weather Auroral Canvas".
You can only control 1 "The Weather Rainbowed Canvas". "The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card's column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.  ● If your opponent controls a monster (Quick Effect): You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 "The Weather" monster with a different name from your Deck, also you cannot Special Summon other monsters from the Deck for the rest of this turn.
"The Weather" Effect Monsters in your Main Monster Zones of this card's column and its adjacent columns gain this effect.  ● At the start of the Damage Step, if this card battles an opponent's monster: You can banish this card; return that opponent's monster to the hand.  You can only control 1 "The Weather Thundery Canvas".
Each player can only control 1 monster of each Type. If a player controls 2 or more monsters of the same Type, they must send some to the GY so they control no more than 1 monster of that Type.
Your opponent cannot declare an attack this turn.
If you control 3 or more monsters with the same name, except Tokens: Target 3 cards your opponent controls; destroy those targets.
If your opponent controls exactly 3 cards: Activate 1 of these effects;  ● this turn, your monsters cannot be destroyed by battle.  ● this turn, you take no battle damage.  ● this turn, each time your monster inflicts battle damage to your opponent, you gain the same amount of LP.
The activation of your Thunder monsters' effects cannot be negated. Once per turn, if a "Thunder Dragon" monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to your field: You can target 1 Spell/Trap on the field; banish 1 Thunder monster from your Deck, and if you do, destroy that target.
Target 1 Thunder monster in your GY; Special Summon it, then you can Special Summon as many monsters with that same name as possible from your GY. The monster(s) Special Summoned by this effect are banished when they leave the field, also while they are face-up on the field, you cannot Special Summon monsters, except Thunder monsters. You can only activate 1 "Thunder Dragons' Hundred Thunders" per turn.
During your opponent's Standby Phase: You can activate this card; there is no Battle Phase this turn.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Rock-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 1000). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) While this card is an Effect Monster, if another Trap Card that is a monster battles an opponent's monster, after damage calculation: Destroy that opponent's monster.
Special Summon this card as an Effect Monster (Rock-Type/LIGHT/Level 4/ATK 1000/DEF 1800). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) While this card is an Effect Monster, if another Trap Card you control that is a monster would be destroyed by your opponent's card (either by battle or by card effect) and sent to your Graveyard, you can Set it in the Spell & Trap Card Zone instead.
When exactly 1 monster is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon that monster to the same side of the field it was on, in the same battle position it was in when destroyed.
Your opponent cannot target Spellcaster-Type monsters you control with Trap Cards or effects. You can only use the following effect of "Time Pendulumgraph" once per turn. You can target 1 "Magician" Pendulum Monster Card in your Monster Zone or Pendulum Zone, and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. Then, if this effect did not destroy 2 cards, you can send 1 card on the field to the Graveyard.
Skip the Draw Phase of your opponent's next turn.
Target 1 "Time Thief" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Time Thief" card from your hand or Deck to it as material. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Time Thief" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 card from your opponent's GY to it as material. You can only use 1 "Time Thief Flyback" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated, while you control a "Time Thief" Xyz Monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, attach that card to a "Time Thief" Xyz Monster you control as material. You can only activate 1 "Time Thief Retrograde" per turn.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) from the hand or Extra Deck: Shuffle that monster(s) into the Deck, then you lose 1000 LP for each returned monster.
When you take battle damage from an opponent's attacking monster, while you have 3 or more "Tindangle" monsters with different names in your GY: You can destroy the attacking monster, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Tindangle Acute Cerberus" from your Extra Deck. If you control no monsters in the Extra Monster Zone: You can banish this card from your GY, then target 3 "Tindangle" monsters with different names in your GY; Special Summon them in face-down Defense Position.
When a Token(s) is Special Summoned: Destroy as many Tokens on the field as possible, and if you do, inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Token destroyed.
All Tokens in Attack Position gain 1000 ATK, also they cannot be destroyed by battle.
Each player must send 1 card from their hand to the GY to declare an attack.
When your opponent Summons a monster(s) while you control a Toon monster: Shuffle that monster(s) into the Deck.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack targeting a face-up Level 4 or lower Toon Monster you control: You can make the attack a direct attack instead.
If you control "Toon World": Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; Special Summon 1 Toon monster from your hand or Deck, whose Level is less than or equal to the Level/Rank of that monster, ignoring its Summoning conditions.
Activate only while "Umi" is on the field. While "Umi" is face-up on the field, you take no Battle Damage from attacking monsters. Destroy this card when "Umi" leaves the field.
When a face-up WATER monster you control is destroyed by battle or by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Special Summon the monsters destroyed and sent from the field to your Graveyard at that time, then inflict 500 damage to your opponent for each of those Special Summoned monsters. You can only activate 1 "Torrential Reborn" per turn.
When a monster(s) is Summoned: Destroy all monsters on the field.
During your opponent's Standby Phase, toss a coin. ● Heads: Your opponent cannot Normal Summon or Flip Summon until the End Phase. ● Tails: You cannot Normal Summon or Flip Summon during your next turn.
Each time a Spell Card is activated, place 1 Spell Counter on this card when that Spell Card resolves. If the 4th Spell Counter is placed on this card: Destroy this card, and if you do, the player who activated the Spell Card at that time takes 3000 damage.
When a face-up Attack Position monster(s) your opponent controls is changed to face-up Defense Position: Destroy all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls.
If a face-up monster(s) "Fur Hire" you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect: You can target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon 1 monster "Fur Hire" from your Deck, whose Level is lower than that target's original Level. You can only use this effect of "Training Fur Hire, Fur All Your Training Needs" once per turn.
Any cards that would be returned to the Deck from the Graveyard are removed from play instead.
During damage calculation, if your monster battles an opponent's monster: Play rock-paper-scissors with your opponent. Make the losing player banish the battling monster they control, face-down.
Activate only if your opponent has 4 or more cards in their hand. Look at your opponent's hand, select 1 Monster Card in it, and return that card to its owner's Deck.
When your opponent Normal or Flip Summons 1 monster with 1000 or more ATK: Target that monster; destroy that target.
When an opponent's monster that was Normal or Special Summoned this turn declares an attack: Destroy that attacking monster, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to half the original ATK of that monster.
When your opponent activates a Trap Card during the Battle Phase: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
You can only activate this card when an effect that inflicts damage to your Life Points is activated (except Battle Damage). Negate the Effect Damage you receive and your opponent then selects 1 card from his/her hand and discards it.
If your LP is 3000 or less: Pay 1000 LP, then target 1 Normal Trap in your GY, except "Trap of Darkness"; this card's effect becomes that target's activated effect, then banish that target.
When a Zombie-Type monster(s) is Special Summoned from your opponent's Graveyard to your side of the field: Target 2 cards on the field; destroy those targets.
Discard 1 card and chain this card to a Trap Card you activated. Whenever that Trap Card is sent to the Graveyard, return it to its owner's hand.
Negate all other Trap Card effects on the field this turn.
Banish 1 Normal Trap from your Deck, except "Trap Trick", and Set 1 card with the same name directly from your Deck, also it can be activated this turn. You can only activate 1 Trap Card for the rest of this turn after this card resolves. You can only activate 1 "Trap Trick" per turn.
When a monster that was Special Summoned this turn activates its effect on your opponent's side of the field: Negate that effect, and if you do, destroy that card.
If you have no Trap Cards in your Graveyard: Target 2 monsters on the field; destroy those targets.
You can only activate this card in response to the activation of an effect that would return this card from the field to the hand. Draw 2 cards from your Deck and discard 1 card from your hand.
If you control 2 or more face-up monsters with the same name, except Tokens: Apply this effect, depending on how many you control. ● Exactly 2: Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls. ● Exactly 3: Destroy all Spell/Trap Cards your opponent controls.
If each player has an Extra Deck: Declare 1 Extra Deck monster card type (Fusion, Synchro, or Xyz); both players reveal their Extra Deck, and the player who has more cards of the declared card type gains 3000 Life Points.
Once per turn: You can banish 2 cards from your Graveyard (any combination of Rock-Type monsters or Field Spell Cards), then activate 1 of these effects; ● Target 1 other face-up card on the field; destroy it. ● Target 1 Rock-Type monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position. ● Target up to 3 Field Spell Cards in your Graveyard; shuffle them into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
If a face-up "Performage" monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect and sent to the Graveyard: Target 1 monster your opponent controls; take control of it until the End Phase, then Special Summon 1 "Performage" monster from your Graveyard to your opponent's field. During the End Phase of this turn, give control of the monster Special Summoned by this effect to its owner.
Banish your opponent's entire hand, and if you do, they draw the same number of cards. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 "Trickstar" monster in your GY; Special Summon it.
Activate only when a monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. Each player can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from their hand.
Activate only when an opponent's card effect shifts control of a monster from your side of the field to theirs. Destroy that 1 monster and inflict damage to your opponent equal to its ATK.
Special Summon 1 "Gladiator Beast" from your hand to your opponent's side of the field. Then, draw 1 card.
If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. You cannot activate the following effects of "True Draco Apocalypse" in the same Chain.  ● You can target 1 other "True Draco" or "True King" card you control; destroy it, and if you do, the ATK and DEF of all face-up monsters your opponent controls become half their current ATK and DEF (even if this card leaves the field).  ● During your opponent's Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster face-up.  You can only use each effect of "True Draco Apocalypse" once per turn.
If this card is sent from the Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard: You can target 1 monster on the field; destroy it. You cannot activate the following effects of "True King's Return" in the same Chain.  ● You can target 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Defense Position, also for the rest of this turn, you cannot Special Summon.  ● During your opponent's Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Tribute Summon 1 "True Draco" or "True King" monster face-up.  You can only use each effect of "True King's Return" once per turn.
Activate only when your opponent Synchro Summons a monster. Special Summon 1 Tuner Monster used for that Synchro Summon from their Graveyard to your side of the field.
Select 1 face-up Tuner monster you control. That monster cannot be destroyed by battle or by card effects, until the End Phase of the next turn.
Activate only when a Synchro Monster is Special Summoned to your opponent's side of the field. Take control of that Synchro Monster. Remove it from play when it is destroyed. Destroy this card when that monster is removed from the field.
If there is a face-up monster on the field whose current Level is different from its original Level: Change all monsters on the field to face-down Defense Position.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated that targets exactly 1 Zombie-Type monster on the field (and no other cards): Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Target 1 face-up monster you control; banish any number of "Lightsworn" monsters from your GY, and if you do, that monster gains 200 ATK and DEF for each monster banished by this effect, until the end of this turn. If this card is sent from the Deck to the GY by a "Lightsworn" monster's effect: You can activate this effect; this turn, "Lightsworn" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects.
If you control 2 or more "Lightsworn" monsters with the same Type but different names: Banish 2 "Lightsworn" monsters from your GY, then target 2 cards on the field; banish them. If this card is sent from the Deck to the GY by a "Lightsworn" monster's effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Lightsworn" monster from your hand.
Select and destroy 2 of your monsters and 1 of your opponent's monsters.
Discard 1 Spell Card from your hand to inflict 500 points of damage to your opponent's Life Points.
Target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. If your opponent controls 2 or more Spell/Trap cards and you control no Spell/Trap Cards, you can activate this card from your hand.
Target 1 Dragon-Type monster on the field; equip this card to it. It gains 400 ATK and DEF, also it can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. Once per turn, during the End Phase, if the monster equipped with this card by this effect attacked an opponent's monster this turn: Destroy this card.
Activate by Tributing 2 monsters. Your opponent cannot activate a Spell Card unless they also send 1 Spell Card from the Deck to the Graveyard.
Tribute 1 monster to activate this card. All face-up monsters on the field that you own are unaffected by other Trap Cards.
Activate by Tributing 2 Normal Monsters you control (except Tokens). Neither player can Normal or Special Summon Effect Monsters.
Tribute 2 monsters. Effects of Effect Monsters that activate in the hand or on the field cannot be activated.
Activate by Tributing 1 monster. Neither player can Special Summon a Level 6 or higher monster. If you have 3 or more cards in your hand, destroy this card.
At the start of the Damage Step, if your "U.A." monster battles an opponent's monster: You can banish that opponent's monster until your opponent's 2nd End Phase. You can only use this effect of "U.A. Penalty Box" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard; add 1 "U.A." Spell Card from your Deck to your hand.
When your "Crystal Beast" monster is destroyed by battle: You can send 7 "Crystal Beast" cards with different names from your hand, Deck and/or face-up field to the GY; Special Summon 1 "Ultimate Crystal" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck. (This is treated as a Fusion Summon.) If a face-up "Ultimate Crystal" monster you control leaves the field because of an opponent's card effect: You can banish this card from your GY; place any number of "Crystal Beast" monsters from your GY, face-up in your Spell & Trap Zone as Continuous Spells.
If a Normal Summoned/Set "Earthbound Immortal" monster is on the field: You can target 1 face-up monster on the field; destroy it. You can only use this effect of "Ultimate Earthbound Immortal" once per turn.
Banish 7 "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards from your Graveyard; Special Summon as many "Fire Fist" monsters as possible from your Graveyard, then you can Set "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap Cards directly from your Deck, except "Ultimate Fire Formation - Seito", up to the number of monsters Special Summoned by this effect.
When a Spell/Trap Card is activated, while you control a "Fire Fist" monster and a "Fire Formation" Spell/Trap: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only activate 1 "Ultimate Fire Formation - Sinto" per turn.
During your Main Phase or your opponent's Battle Phase: You can pay 500 Life Points; immediately after this effect resolves, Normal Summon/Set 1 monster.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: Discard the same type of card (Monster, Spell, or Trap); negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
If you control only 1 face-up monster: Target that monster; until the end of this turn, it gains ATK equal to the ATK of the monster your opponent currently controls with the lowest ATK (your choice, if tied).
When a face-up Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster you control is banished: Add 1 Level 4 or lower Fish, Sea Serpent, or Aqua-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
You can pay 1000 LP, then target 1 face-up Spell/Trap Card on the field; destroy it. You can only activate this effect of "Unending Nightmare" once per Chain.
Once per turn, during each player's Standby Phase: The turn player declares a Level from among the face-up monsters they control, then sends all face-up monsters they control with a different Level to the Graveyard.
Fusion Summon 1 "Cubic" Fusion Monster from your Extra Deck, using monsters from your hand or field as Fusion Materials. If a face-up "Cubic" monster is destroyed by battle or leaves the field: You can banish this card from your Graveyard; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Cubic" monster from your hand or Deck, ignoring its Summoning conditions, and if you do, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects this turn.
Discard 1 monster, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; its ATK and DEF becomes the discarded monster's ATK and DEF, until the end of this turn. Monsters you control cannot attack directly during the turn you activate this card.
Target up to 3 of your banished LIGHT Machine-Type Normal Monsters and/or LIGHT Machine-Type Union monsters; Special Summon them. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 of your banished LIGHT Machine-Type Normal Monsters or LIGHT Machine-Type Union monsters; return it to the hand. You can only activate 1 "Union Scramble" per turn.
When a Trap Card is activated while you control 2 or more face-up monsters with the same Level: Negate the activation and destroy it.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; the ATK of all other monsters currently on the field become equal to that monster's current ATK, until the end of this turn.
"Charmer" monsters you control cannot be destroyed by battle. If a "Familiar-Possessed" monster you control attacks an opponent's monster, it gains 800 ATK during damage calculation only. If a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 Spellcaster-Type monster with 1500 DEF from your Deck, whose Attribute is different from at least 1 of those destroyed monsters' original Attributes on the field, in Attack Position or face-down Defense Position. You can only use this effect of "Unpossessed" once per turn.
Excavate cards from the top of your Deck, equal to the number of "Noble Arms" Equip Spells you control, and if you do, add 1 of them to your hand, also place the remaining cards on top of your Deck in any order. You can banish this card from your GY, except the turn this card was sent to the GY; Special Summon from your Deck, 1 "Noble Knight" monster with a different name from the cards you control or in your GY. You can only use this effect of "Until Noble Arms are Needed Once Again" once per turn.
When your opponent activates a Pendulum Monster's effect, or an effect of a card in the Pendulum Zone: Negate the activation, and if you do, banish that card.
Remove all Fog Counters from the field. Inflict 300 damage to your opponent for each Fog Counter you removed.
If you control no Ritual Monsters: Banish 1 Ritual Spell Card from your hand or Graveyard; this card's effect becomes that card's effect that Ritual Summons a monster when the card is activated.
During the Battle Phase: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster using monsters you control.
Detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster you control; the face-up Xyz Monsters you currently control cannot be destroyed by card effects until the End Phase.
When an opponent's Xyz Monster declares an attack: Activate this card by targeting the attacking monster. It cannot attack, also its effects are negated. While that monster is on the field, during each of your opponent's End Phases: Send the top 3 cards of the opponent's Deck to the Graveyard. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card.
Special Summon 1 "Vampire" monster from your Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase of this turn. You can only activate 1 "Vampire Awakening" per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control a "Vampire" monster: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, then, if it was a Monster Card, gain LP equal to its original ATK. You can only activate 1 "Vampire Domination" per turn.
If you have no card in your Field Card Zone and all face-up monsters you control (min. 1) are Zombie-Type: Activate 1 "Vampire Kingdom" directly from your Deck, then, you can Special Summon 1 DARK "Vampire" monster from your Graveyard in face-up Defense Position. You can only activate 1 "Vampire Takeover" per turn.
Activate only as Chain Link 4 or higher. Pay half your Life Points. Negate the activation and effects of all other cards in the same Chain and destroy them.
Neither player can Special Summon monsters. If a card is sent from the Deck or the field to your Graveyard: Destroy this card.
When a monster(s) would be Summoned: Tribute 1 "Lightsworn" monster; negate the Summon, and if you do, destroy that monster(s).
Once per turn, you can activate 1 of these effects. ● Target 2 face-up "Inzektor" monsters you control; equip one to the other. ● Target 1 "Inzektor" monster you control that is an Equip Card; Special Summon that target in face-up Defense Position.
If your opponent controls more cards than you do: Choose 1 Ritual Summoned "Vendread" monster you control, and destroy all cards on the field, except the chosen monster. It cannot attack directly while it remains face-up on the field. You can only activate 1 "Vendread Daybreak" per turn.
Target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls that has a Level; Tribute it, and if you do, Special Summon 1 "Vendread Token" (Zombie/DARK/ATK 0/DEF 0) with a Level equal to the Tributed monster's original Level. While the Token Special Summoned by this effect is on the field, you cannot Normal or Special Summon monsters, except "Vendread" monsters.
Reveal 1 "Vendread" Ritual Monster in your hand, Special Summon any number of your banished "Vendread" monsters with different names, in face-down Defense Position, whose total Levels exactly equal the Level of the revealed Ritual Monster, Tribute all those face-down Defense Position monsters, then Ritual Summon that Ritual Monster from your hand. You must be able to Ritual Summon to activate and to resolve this effect.
Discard 1 card, then target 1 "Vendread" monster and 1 Ritual Spell in your GY; Special Summon that monster in Defense Position, and if you do, add that Ritual Spell to your hand. You can banish this card from your GY, then target 5 of your banished Zombie monsters; shuffle them into your Deck, then draw 1 card. You can only use each effect of "Vendread Revolution" once per turn.
Select 1 monster with a Venom Counter(s). Remove all Venom Counters from that card, and inflict 700 damage to your opponent for each Venom Counter removed.
Tribute any number of non-Token monsters you control. For each Tributed monster, your opponent selects 1 Spell Card from their Deck and sends it to the Graveyard.
Send 1 "Void" Spell/Trap Card from your hand or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; Special Summon up to 3 "Infernoid" monsters from your Deck, whose total Levels exactly equal 8, ignoring their Summoning conditions.
During each of your Standby Phases: You can send up to 2 "Infernoid" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard. If you control a monster that is not an "Infernoid" monster, send this card to the Graveyard.
If you control a monster that is not an "Infernoid" monster, send this card to the Graveyard. You can only use each of these effects of "Void Purification" once per turn. ● During each of your opponent's Standby Phases: You can target 1 "Infernoid" monster in your Graveyard; add it to your hand. ● During each of your Standby Phases: You can target 1 of your banished "Infernoid" monsters; return it to the Graveyard.
When your opponent Special Summons a monster(s) with 2000 or more ATK: Negate the effects of 1 of those monsters with 2000 or more ATK, and if you do, destroy it.
During your End Phase, if you control "Jurassic World": Destroy all cards on the field.
Return up to 3 "Volcanic" Monster Cards from your Graveyard to your Deck.
Change all face-down monsters on the field to face-up Defense Position. During the End Phase this turn, change all face-up LIGHT Reptile-Type monsters you control to face-down Defense Position, then draw 1 card for each. After that, you can Special Summon 1 Level 7 or higher LIGHT Reptile-Type monster from your Deck.
You take no battle damage from your opponent's monsters this turn. Your monsters cannot be destroyed by battle this turn.
If this Set card in its owner's control has left the field because of an opponent's effect, and is now in the GY or banished: You can Special Summon 1 monster from your Deck or Extra Deck.
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: All Attack Position monsters your opponent controls lose 800 ATK for each monster they control.
Activate by paying any multiple of 1000 Life Points. Monsters your opponent controls cannot attack if their ATK is less than or equal to the amount you paid.
When a Plant-Type monster you control is targeted for an attack: Destroy all Attack Position monsters your opponent controls.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Add 1 Wyrm-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.  ● Send any number of Wyrm-Type monsters from your hand and/or face-up from your field to the Graveyard; draw cards equal to the number of monsters you sent to the Graveyard +1.
When your opponent would Normal or Special Summon a monster: Discard 1 "Watt" monster; negate the Summon and destroy it.
Once per turn, when a Level 4 or lower Thunder-Type monster(s) is Normal or Special Summoned to the field, inflict 600 damage to your opponent.
Select 1 Level 4 or lower "Watt" monster in your Graveyard. Special Summon that monster from the Graveyard. Destroy it during the End Phase.
Pay 500 Life Points. Destroy all Level 3 monsters in face-up Attack Position on the field.
If you control no monsters: Target 2 "Gusto" monsters in your Graveyard; shuffle both targets into the Deck, then Special Summon 1 "Gusto" monster with 1000 or less DEF from your Deck.
Activate only when your opponent activates "Dark Hole". The monsters you control are not destroyed.
If you control a WATER monster: Target 1 Spell in your opponent's GY; banish it, and if you do, negate all Spell effects on your opponent's field this turn.
Activate this card by paying 800 LP, then target 1 Synchro Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it in Attack Position. Its effects are negated, also it cannot declare an attack this turn. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. When that monster is destroyed, destroy this card.
Select 2 face-up Attack Position monsters on the field. When any of the selected monsters are removed from the field, destroy this card. When this card is destroyed, destroy the selected monster(s).
When an opponent's monster declares an attack: Destroy the Attack Position monster your opponent controls with the highest ATK (your choice, if tied).
Select 1 face-up card in the Spell & Trap Card Zones and destroy it. The controller of the destroyed card can then Set 1 Spell or Trap Card from their hand. If this Set card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, select and destroy 1 face-up card on the field.
Change the battle positions of all face-up monsters your opponent controls.
When a Trap Card is activated: Negate the activation, and if you do, shuffle that card into the Deck.
If your opponent negates a Normal or Special Summon, or negates the activation of a card or effect: Destroy all cards your opponent controls and in their hand.
If you control a "Witchcrafter" monster: Target 1 Spell in either GY; add 1 card with the same name from your Deck to your hand. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the GY: You can banish this card and any number of Spells from your GY; Special Summon 1 "Witchcrafter" monster from your Deck whose Level equals the number of Spells banished to activate this effect. You can only use each effect of "Witchcrafter Masterpiece" once per turn.
Activate only when you take Battle Damage from your opponent's monster's direct attack. Reveal 1 Level 1 monster in your hand. Special Summon it from your hand, and 1 monster with the same name from your Deck.
When this face-down card is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, you can Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower Machine-Type "roid" monster from your hand.
Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 Xyz Monster using monsters you control as Materials.
Immediately after this effect resolves, Link Summon 1 Link Monster using monster(s) you control as material. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Awakens" per turn.
Activate 1 of these effects.  ● Send 1 Link Monster your opponent controls to the GY.  ● Banish 7 "World Legacy" cards from your GY; add 1 Cyberse monster from your Deck to your hand.  You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Bestowal" per turn.
When an attack is declared involving 2 Link Monsters: Shuffle all monsters on the field and in the GYs into the Deck. For the rest of this turn after this card resolves, neither player can Link Summon.
You can banish 1 "World Legacy" monster from your hand, GY, or face-up field, then target 1 Link Monster on the field; it gains ATK equal to the original ATK of the banished monster (even if this card leaves the field). If a Link Monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or an opponent's card effect while this card is in your GY: You can banish this card; Special Summon 1 Cyberse Link Monster from your GY. You can only use each effect of "World Legacy Collapse" once per turn.
Banish 1 "World Legacy" monster from your hand or face-up from your field, then target 2 monsters in your GY; Special Summon them, but they cannot attack this turn.
You can target 1 face-down monster you control; change it to face-up Attack or Defense Position. You can shuffle 1 "Krawler" monster from your GY into the Main Deck, then target 1 face-up monster you control; change it to face-down Defense Position. You can only use 1 "World Legacy Pawns" effect per turn, and only once that turn.
Target Spells/Traps on the field, up to the number of co-linked monsters on the field; destroy them.
Shuffle into the Deck, 5 of your "World Legacy" cards with different names that are banished, in your hand or GY, and/or face-up on your field, except "World Legacy Trap Globe", then draw 2 cards. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy Trap Globe" per turn.
When this card is activated: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster on the field; it gains 1000 ATK/DEF until the end of this turn. Negate any opponent's Spell Card effect that activates in the same column as a "Mekk-Knight" monster you control.
When your opponent activates a monster effect while you control a "Krawler" monster: The activated effect becomes "Return 1 face-up monster your opponent controls to the hand". You can banish this card from your GY, then target 1 Link Monster on the field; Special Summon 1 “Krawler” monster from your hand, Deck, or GY in face-down Defense Position to your zone the targeted monster points to. You can only use 1 “World Legacy's Mind Meld” effect per turn, and only once that turn.
When this card is activated: You can target 1 Level 5 or higher monster in your GY; Special Summon it. When this card leaves the field, destroy that monster. Negate any opponent's monster effect that activates in the same column as a "Mekk-Knight" monster you control.
When your opponent activates a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, while you control a co-linked monster(s): Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card. You can only activate 1 "World Legacy's Sorrow" per turn.
Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your hand or Deck, but destroy it during the End Phase of the next turn. You can only activate 1 "World Reassembly" per turn.
You can only activate this card when a Field Spell Card is activated. Negate the Field Spell Card during the turn this card is activated.
Activate by selecting 2 Set Spell or Trap Cards on the field. The selected Spell or Trap Cards cannot be activated.
Select 1 Set Spell/Trap Card on the field. It cannot be activated. Cards and effects cannot be activated in response to this card's activation.
When your opponent activates a monster effect: Detach 1 Xyz Material from a monster you control; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that monster.
If this Set card is banished: You can Special Summon 2 Level 8 WATER monsters from your Deck. Their effects are negated, also they cannot declare an attack or be Tributed.
When you Xyz Summon a monster: You can target 1 card on the field; destroy it.
Target 1 Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, and if you do, attach this card to it as an Xyz Material.
When a Spell Card, Trap Card, or monster effect is activated that targets a face-up Xyz Monster(s) on the field: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it, then inflict 800 damage to your opponent.
When a face-up Xyz Monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target 1 Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; return that face-up attack target to the Extra Deck, then Special Summon this card's target from the Graveyard, and if you do, attach this card to it, as an Xyz Material.
Target 1 face-up Xyz Monster your opponent controls and 1 face-up Xyz Monster you control; switch control of both monsters.
Target 1 Xyz Monster in either player's Graveyard; all monsters you currently control gain ATK equal to its Rank × 200, then you can shuffle it into the Extra Deck. This ATK increase lasts until the End Phase.
Face-up Xyz Monsters on the field with 2 or more Xyz Materials cannot be destroyed by card effects. After damage calculation, if an Xyz Monster you control battles an opponent's monster: Destroy that opponent's monster. That Xyz Monster must have 2 or more Xyz Materials attached to activate and to resolve this effect.
Target 2 face-up Xyz Monsters on the field; send both monsters to the Graveyard, then Special Summon 1 Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, except a "Number" monster, whose Rank is equal to, or 1 less than, the combined original Ranks of those 2 Xyz Monsters, and if you do, attach this card to it as an Xyz Material. If you activated this card, your opponent takes no further damage this turn.
Face-up Xyz Monsters with Xyz Material cannot be targeted by card effects.
Once per turn, when a Level 5 or higher monster's effect is activated (except during the Damage Step), and you control an Xyz Monster: You can discard 1 card; negate that effect, and if you do, destroy that monster.
When an Xyz Monster you control is destroyed by battle: Pay 1000 Life Points; you reveal 1 Xyz Monster from the Extra Deck with a Rank less than or equal to that destroyed monster's, and so can your opponent (simultaneously). The player who revealed the monster with lower ATK takes damage equal to the difference between the revealed monsters' ATK's. If the opponent doesn't reveal a monster, inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of your revealed monster.
If a "Yang Zing" monster you control battles an opponent's monster, during damage calculation: Your battling monster's ATK and DEF each become double its original ATK and DEF during that damage calculation only, but it is destroyed at the end of this Damage Step.
Once per turn, if a monster(s) you control is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can Special Summon 1 "Yang Zing" monster from your Deck. You cannot Special Summon monsters from the Extra Deck, except Synchro Monsters.
All monsters your opponent controls must attack, if able. During either player's Main Phase or Battle Phase: You can send this face-up card from your Spell & Trap Zone to the Graveyard; immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon 1 Synchro Monster, using 1 or more "Yang Zing" monsters you control as Synchro Materials.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated while you control at least 1 "Yosenju" card, and all face-up monsters you control are "Yosenju" monsters: Negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card.
If you control no monsters: Reveal up to 2 "Yosenju" monsters in your hand with different names, then target that many face-up cards your opponent controls; return them to the hand. You can only activate 1 "Yosenjus' Sword Sting" per turn.
Reveal 3 "Danger!" monsters with different names from your Deck, your opponent randomly picks 1 for you to Special Summon, and you shuffle the rest into the Deck. During the End Phase, destroy that Special Summoned monster. You can only activate 1 "You're in Danger!" per turn.
When a Spell/Trap Card, or monster effect, is activated: Banish 1 face-up "Zefra" monster in your Extra Deck; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy it.
Target 1 "Zefra" card you control and 1 card your opponent controls; destroy them. If you have 2 "Zefra" cards in your Pendulum Zones, you can activate this card from your hand. You can only activate 1 "Zefra War" per turn.
When a face-up "Inzektor" monster you control is targeted for an attack: Target the attacking monster; equip the attack target to that attacking monster. Take control of the equipped monster while it is equipped with an "Inzektor" monster by this effect.
Once per turn: You can target 1 Machine-Type Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Wind-Up" monster from your hand or field to that monster as an Xyz Material. You can send this face-up card from the field to the Graveyard, then target 1 "Wind-Up" Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon, from your Extra Deck, 1 "Wind-Up" monster that is 1 Rank higher than that target, by using that target as Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to it also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) You cannot activate these effects in the same Chain.
Tribute 1 "Wind-Up" monster with 1500 or more ATK; Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from your hand, then you can Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from your Deck with the same ATK as the monster Special Summoned by this effect.
Target 1 face-up Level 4 or lower "Wind-Up" monster you control: Return that target to the hand (no matter its Level), then Special Summon 1 "Wind-Up" monster from the hand with the same Level as the returned monster's.
Activate only when a face-up monster you control is removed from play. The ATK of all face-up monsters on the field becomes 0.
Change the battle positions of all face-up monsters on the field.
Tribute 1 DARK Link Monster, then target cards on the field equal to its Link Rating; destroy them.
Special Summon this card in Defense Position as an Effect Monster (Zombie-Type/DARK/Level 4/ATK 1800/DEF 500). (This card is also still a Trap Card.) If this card is destroyed by battle: Inflict damage to your opponent equal to the ATK of the monster that destroyed it.
Target 1 "Zoodiac" Xyz Monster you control; attach 1 "Zoodiac" monster from your Deck to that Xyz Monster as Xyz Material. During either player's turn, except the turn this card was sent to the Graveyard: You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 5 "Zoodiac" cards in your Graveyard with different names; shuffle all 5 into the Deck, then draw 1 card.
If a "Zoodiac" Xyz Monster you control would detach its Xyz Material(s) to activate an effect, you can detach Xyz Material(s) from another Xyz Monster(s) you control instead. You can only use this effect of "Zoodiac Gathering" once per turn. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 2 "Zoodiac" Xyz Monsters you control; attach 1 of those monsters to the other monster as Xyz Material.
